Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: We begin tonight as the morning sun rises over ravens hold
Timothy Sackton: As only a week ago that you woke in Carolina getting ready to watch the precession of the faithful during the festival of the rebirth as Kara prepared to evacuate and flee West and then the attack on the town that set you on your current course.
Timothy Sackton: Yesterday after traveling through the Durban strongholds finding your way into ravens hold underneath the valley.
Timothy Sackton: And rescuing the Charter nian adventure bola Farina you began to uncover the secrets of this place a small group of nodes seems to have made this a base where they're hurting and keeping animals wild dogs jackals hyenas lines and more for some apparent ritual of
Timothy Sackton: Investigating the inner keep of ravens hold you found a demon occupying it and patiently waiting for something and beginning to corrupt the dead bodies of antelope other pray for some unknown purpose.
Timothy Sackton: Not really wanting to wait and see where this was leading you attacked and despite the
Timothy Sackton: Dangerous poison stinger on its BB tail and
Timothy Sackton: Disease it the poison diseases caused you prevailed watching the demons body disintegrate after Kansas killing blow.
Timothy Sackton: Thinking back a month ago and carola
Timothy Sackton: You are surprised to realize that it was only a short time ago that
Timothy Sackton: And the fact that you are now destroying actual demons seems
Timothy Sackton: sometimes hard to believe, despite the fitful and restless night filled with unwanted dreams of violence.
Timothy Sackton: You awake with a renewed sense of confidence and purpose and a better sense of your capabilities and strengths
Timothy Sackton: So that's level four
Timothy Sackton: So, as you all just to kind of get us back into the scene of ravens hold and everybody's characters as you all awake and begin to get ready for breakfast, and the day we just go around and everybody to, you know, describe the character briefly what you're doing.
Timothy Sackton: While doing
Rev. David (he/him): So well be is a half laying in studded leather armor with the
Rev. David (he/him): Backpack and bedroll and he's sort of systematically moving through the process of stowing everything and what he does every night unpacking everything from the pack and then repacking all of it back up again.
Rev. David (he/him): And we
Rev. David (he/him): Throwing loose gravel and stuff onto the floor where he was sleeping to try and make it look undisturbed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Meanwhile seeker is crouched on the floor stroking his beard, staring at the mess of his possession spread out all around him in disarray.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you can make out.
Eric Rosenbaum: elaborately sketched speculative maps of
Eric Rosenbaum: Cleaner intersection
Eric Rosenbaum: overlaid with geography a
Eric Rosenbaum: Grids of illustrated squares depicting epic battles.
Eric Rosenbaum: With x peaks and so forth strewn in there and then also the
Eric Rosenbaum: The sort of low relief game map depicting the
Eric Rosenbaum: Area that we're in, with little game pieces representing each of us and he sort of mumbling about
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps a story.
Eric Rosenbaum: And a game together in the form of a book in which one chooses one's own adventure.
Mike Sackton: Is
Mike Sackton: Dressed in, he said.
Mike Sackton: Elf with
Mike Sackton: Copper skin and green eyes dressed and well maintains chain mail.
Mike Sackton: And a shield
Mike Sackton: I know carrying a weapon.
Mike Sackton: He's standing and pacing looking where, where are we were in a
Timothy Sackton: You're in this tower.
Timothy Sackton: Right. So remember, there's two
Mike Sackton: Towers, the gay, gay and
Mike Sackton: I'm dealt with is sort of he has pack is neatly packed and organized and He's pacing sort of back and forth walking out of carrying out a window now and then looking sort of restless and uneasy.
Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What time of day is it Tim
Timothy Sackton: Early morning
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Early morning
Timothy Sackton: Just after sunrise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how big is the one that we're in.
Timothy Sackton: It's about
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 40 feet across a circle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, small room. Yeah. So, Kenzo Ken says about you know six foot tall human wearing a light tunic actually probably not too dissimilar to like what I'm, what I'm wearing right now. I'm like, like tunic could
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Smaller pack with just like his staff like to staffs, he still I'm still carrying around that that other I pledge that other staff that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On many ways to large, large staffs like kind of next to the park on the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Longer hair tie back into into a bit of a touch of a top not and and yeah and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cons those kind of splitting as consciousness. Occasionally, looking over at Seeker and his maps with some curiosity at what secrets doing. And then also with spending most of his consciousness, just kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Peering carefully outside of the window and just really trying to observe and just see what is going on out there who, what is the vibe outside and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really trying to sense the energetics of the moment.
Kate: Well Spoken up from my pretty good sleep and is getting herself very organized going over her armor.
Kate: As a
Kate: Dwarf and
Kate: Cleric with with with tinkering skills. She's very methodical about a routine of going over her.
Kate: Her armor and making sure that any little
Kate: connections are our top our Titan ready to hold fast and
Kate: Make sure that she has the most treasured possession of this
Kate: quest of hers securely fastened you know she can't help to take out and look and check on the the shield that tells her family's history and which has brought her onto this onto this journey and she's finally, you know, carrying it with her everywhere as
Kate: We make our way through all of these
Kate: travails teacher that eventually gets back to her family.
Timothy Sackton: Viola is shaken, but looks more well rested than some of the rest of you.
Timothy Sackton: She's been sitting quietly by her bedroom occasionally like brushing short brown hair out of her eyes, but otherwise not seeming to move much as she
Timothy Sackton: methodically oils are armor tightening down every strap, making sure that there's nothing that could make a strange noise no buckles loose that would Clank I she moves.
Timothy Sackton: Um, as the early morning sun cast the pale line of light from the Eastern wind down
Timothy Sackton: As you all
Timothy Sackton: Begin to sort of start your day.
Timothy Sackton: Who was down within Kenzo who have been pacing back and forth and keeping an eye out of the window, you see.
Timothy Sackton: A band of nose begin to approach from in the distance. So, looking out over the courtyard.
Timothy Sackton: The out. This is the outer court right on the map that we're looking at right here.
This
Timothy Sackton: Back here is the inner courtyard, where the key is in the dead demon out here where this
Eric Rosenbaum: Is
Kate: Not seamless.
Mike Sackton: Only Better basket see whatever your
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh wait, there's something way at the bottom of that black area.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a circular tower thing I
Eric Rosenbaum: Mean
Eric Rosenbaum: What some
Eric Rosenbaum: Green and weird.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Looking out over this courtyard.
Timothy Sackton: You can see
Timothy Sackton: In the distance what
Mike Sackton: What
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is what is green and weird. I know.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like
Timothy Sackton: There's so
Timothy Sackton: Many Smiths and vapors sort of gathered over the
Timothy Sackton: The ground.
Timothy Sackton: Pools of of dark fetid water dead trees.
Timothy Sackton: And this is, you know, this is where you've been, this sort of area is where you've sort of you know the the smells the sort of burnt.
Timothy Sackton: Sulfuric rot smell has sort of been drifting up from here and you can see now coming in the distance from this far gate here down this path, avoiding these mistakes as best they can kind of edging along the side here. I'm a group of
Let's count as
Timothy Sackton: A group of nine knows
Timothy Sackton: I'm moving quickly down the path several small hyenas following after them and flying in the air. Next to the what seems to be the leader, a small
Timothy Sackton: Bat like creature with
Timothy Sackton: A long tail team and demon wings, but no bigger than a bad
Eric Rosenbaum: start packing up my stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, so there's nine Knowles. How many flying that's
Timothy Sackton: Why I'm
One.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: Also
Timothy Sackton: I'm three is
Kate: Like actual wild animal heinous that are falling on yes actual wow that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Will be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You shoot those with your bow. Once it was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A shadow. You can you share one of those things out of the sky. Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's get rid of the get rid of that that team.
Eric Rosenbaum: To we want to draw attention to ourselves up here, though. I thought we were pretty well hidden
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was asking theoretically not read the second
Eric Rosenbaum: Mm hmm.
Mike Sackton: But also, is this, did we go into this, this
Timothy Sackton: You've never been in their
Mike Sackton: area next to us.
Timothy Sackton: What do you mean the area next year.
This
Mike Sackton: Here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, maybe we could do a little more orientation. So where was the
Timothy Sackton: This is the
This
Timothy Sackton: Top up so you're on the third floor.
Timothy Sackton: This area here is the top of the Gate House. So last night you barred the gate below. So there's a gate underneath this
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Right, and that you have you have barred um
Timothy Sackton: This is the gatehouse. Right. So there's two sort of towers and then there's a wall. So these would give you like three quarters cover through the arrows. Let's and this
Would be half cover.
Eric Rosenbaum: The where, where was the battle with the demon last night.
Timothy Sackton: That's the other the other side, this, this side, the inner courtyard.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not sure. Can you clarify further here.
Rev. David (he/him): Below this button on the map.
Timothy Sackton: Below the bottom of the
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, see the red
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So this is from the other side.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so that building that's on the far side of the weird green stuff we don't have
Timothy Sackton: Something you've never been in correct
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then through that gate on the far side of it is also an area we've never been yeah we think is where the animal sounds are coming from.
Timothy Sackton: That's the direction that they're coming from. Yes. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then do we know anything about the area where the weird green stuff is happening.
Timothy Sackton: Nope. Me, which is
Mike Sackton: The weird green stuff is are these these things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: The part that's weird and and also
Kate: Green when we were looking through a slot animals, where we are way over on the other side of this giant for years.
Timothy Sackton: You are quite far away you are beyond the courtyard into the rest of the castle.
Mike Sackton: So we haven't really seen this part.
Mike Sackton: Of them.
Timothy Sackton: You have not really seen this part now and
Eric Rosenbaum: The sort of big scorched areas are like ruined buildings or something else.
Timothy Sackton: Which big scorched areas.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here and then those
Timothy Sackton: Are those are pools of these are water.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and then that's. These are dead trees. Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, these are pools of like black
Timothy Sackton: Like fat and water.
Eric Rosenbaum: pensively stroke taster. The bunny.
Mike Sackton: So, I mean, presumably there's an opportunity to ambush the notes here from the arrow slits.
Mike Sackton: Like we're in a defensive gatehouse on the walls. The castle. Right.
Rev. David (he/him): Definitely just let them get close from them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or
Eric Rosenbaum: See what they're doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As I was gonna say do we want to try to learn more, what they're up to this event. There's a commander, there's, you seem like there's any intelligence what's
Timothy Sackton: Um, yeah. So there's one sort of in the front. That seems to be, ah,
Timothy Sackton: Maybe carrying
Let's see.
Hold on here.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah, so there is there is one that's kind of in coming in the front. That seems big slightly bigger than the rest, better equipment and is carrying instead of a, ah,
Timothy Sackton: So some so most of them, you know, have either like bows and spears or
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, bows and spears and this one. In addition to bows and spear is also carrying a large glade like
Timothy Sackton: Pull arm.
Timothy Sackton: I just seems to be better equipped
Timothy Sackton: This one and this one in the front here.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what could they be heading to if they were to go through that gate that they're headed towards what's on the other side of it that they might be traveling to
Timothy Sackton: Keep where you kept the demon
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're walking us they're walking towards us. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, but they don't know where here. So I'm just asking where they might be going, given what we can infer about the situation based on what we know he
Beeman
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it feels like we killed
The
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: primary residence.
Mike Sackton: Let's I'm gonna, I'm gonna go set up. I'm going to suggest we, you know, prepare to ambush these guys and setup positions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, sounds, sounds like a plan to have to hop, hop, how far off the ground, are we
Timothy Sackton: Hear about
Timothy Sackton: 20, I would say.
Timothy Sackton: 25 feet, something like that 20 to 30 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So 10 you see this spot over here. Like, is this like kind of out in the air. I
Timothy Sackton: Got it.
Timothy Sackton: So, so you have two towers and then these towers go up one more floor, and this is a, like a crenellated wall. So yes, you are exposed to the air, but you have partial cover from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God, but my point. My point being, now that I can slow fall I could literally jump from off of this wall and lands on the other side. You could buy by melee combat.
Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a lot of guys down there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We, there's a lot of us there's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah, the seven of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The White House.
Timothy Sackton: The White House, the front stops and signals to to
Timothy Sackton: Like said something and sort of some some yep up language to to have the ones on the side.
Timothy Sackton: Who then sort of move forward.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Approach.
Timothy Sackton: Again game.
Mike Sackton: Hold on. While they're doing that, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I am going to cast armor of accesses
Timothy Sackton: Oh wait, did you always have that or
Mike Sackton: No I swapped.
Where did you swap
Mike Sackton: Hellish rebuke okay
Timothy Sackton: That's a good spouse Rebecca test.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so I'm also gonna drink a healing potion.
Mike Sackton: Not having regained any
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Mark that off on your character sheet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, how much, how many points did we get from my restaurant.
Mike Sackton: Full unless you found your safe.
Timothy Sackton: Some of you didn't get any because you failed your Wisdom save
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel my wisdom said
Timothy Sackton: I think you dead. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you did. Failure Wisdom save
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You I get my key.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah you you get all that back just not hit points. Excellent. All right, I'll get myself my for feedback. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Kate: Hello, are you 100 points.
Kate: Were
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About 14
Mike Sackton: I have 20 having taken my you see as dealt with walks over you see a he he mutters something under his breath and touches his armor and you see it all start to slightly frost like not
Mike Sackton: turn to ice, but like little cold veins run along his armor shield like reach around his head.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a neat trick.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little closer to the fireplace.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looks cold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Risen or seeker. Do you have the capacity to heal.
Kate: I did. That's why I was asking how how everybody was doing
Timothy Sackton: These all start banging on the door.
Timothy Sackton: Being on the gate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, we should we're fighting them right. Are we gonna fight them.
Rev. David (he/him): Can we open the gate from up here.
Timothy Sackton: Now,
Timothy Sackton: You have to go down below to open that
I
Rev. David (he/him): I'm all for killing them all.
At once.
Mike Sackton: I think we should see what they do with nobody opens the gate.
Kate: But we're gonna see that in just a minute. But we're ready to cut them off to that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As far
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As you guys want to get well because you have long range weapons, right, all of it all you do, maybe should get into these arrows sits with us up. Now they're moving away.
Rev. David (he/him): Because that little that little thing is the demon
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I have an eye on the demon
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That one little thing is the demon. Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes. Got it. Wait, that's the
Mike Sackton: Demon. I'm gonna I'm gonna ready a I'll just blast. If the demon comes with close enough that he would
Mike Sackton: That it would be able to see because we're exposed to open air, the three of us out here right
Timothy Sackton: No you're not. Not here.
Timothy Sackton: These are this is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Only a little bridge.
Timothy Sackton: I'm actually
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna be there but hidden
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a stop jack
Mike Sackton: I am reading an action if the demon creature comes close enough. Basically, if it's if it comes within about. Let's see.
Mike Sackton: Here comes within like this radius like 20 feet.
Mike Sackton: Without
Mike Sackton: Needed that I'm going to shoot it.
Rev. David (he/him): I am I am this far from just taking the shot right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, do I have three plus two dexterity. You're saying for trace
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, I bet. Now, or. How's that work.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you should level yourself up now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But how do I, how do I give myself more dexterity.
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: OK, so that would be a 12 02. All right.
Mike Sackton: If you click on the little builder little hammer the
Timothy Sackton: Hammer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, okay. Got it.
Timothy Sackton: And then it should show you a
Mike Sackton: If you scroll down to the bottom, it'll say ability score improvement.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got it.
Mike Sackton: I got it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I should do decks. Plus, he was I was worried. I should you guys
Mike Sackton: Yeah yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, cool.
Timothy Sackton: Did everybody else do that because that could make a difference for this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is what I'm saying right here. Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great. Okay. I think that I
Kate: Probably didn't do it right so
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't do anything like this. What do I have something to do here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Game quarter to do it ability, you can
Timothy Sackton: Get close to charisma, so that makes all your spouse better and gets you an extra bardic inspiration.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you didn't. And that so okay so click. So both of both it
Timothy Sackton: Click
Timothy Sackton: And fall
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I'm doing it.
Timothy Sackton: And then scroll down to ability score increase and give yourself plus to your charisma for Eric and wisdom for k
Eric Rosenbaum: To that actually do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looks like it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, Tim. This is also like to be pretty easy not to be seen. Right. You're kind of
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of just, yeah. That should be pretty easy not to be seen.
Kate: I don't know what's going on.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Dude, if you go to the builder. You see that ability score increase, you can pull down
Kate: I had already done that and I had given myself plus one to two different things. So I always forget that plus one isn't actually much use a half to do at least plus two. And so then like nothing really changed. And it's like, oh, it's just because I did just to
Mike Sackton: Brighten
Kate: Plus ones. So I was like, Whatever, I'll worry about it later. And then I just did plus to do something else instead. And still nothing is changing. So, I have no idea. Because it takes you to the next page, which has this like point by and there's remaining
Timothy Sackton: You. Yeah. Hold on, let me, I can just
Kate: Just fix it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is a common refrain in there in the marriage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim just fix it. Let's go. Where are we, what are we doing here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um, I think I fixed that rough try refreshing your character and see if it gives you wisdom aching now.
Kate: Yes, it does. Okay, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um, now the is to head back and started you know said something and then
Timothy Sackton: This
Timothy Sackton: Demon begins is sort of like hovering in the air above the leaders had an it takes out this spear. There's some and it's
Rev. David (he/him): Going to take
Timothy Sackton: Out the demon
Timothy Sackton: Yep. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, was it
Mike Sackton: When I see his arrow art. Wow.
Mike Sackton: If he doesn't kill it. I'm taking my shot to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And roseman you healed me. Right.
Kate: I will if I didn't know how should I do that now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before we start, yes, yes. Oh, yes.
Kate: All right, I am casting a
Rev. David (he/him): Dumb, I assume, surprise. So image and sneak
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your lives. Thank you, risen.
Kate: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: As I see well be take out his crossbow I fling a tiny spiraling room that begins to orbit him.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiring him with a note of this destruction.
Timothy Sackton: OK, I'm confused as to what's going on. Ah, did you ask your wins twice cake.
Kate: No I we I mean I guess I did. But I didn't mean to.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Kate: You got any sex.
Timothy Sackton: Sex hit points back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I got that.
Timothy Sackton: Ignorance. Can everybody just roll initiative, just so I have an order.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You like chaos is better, who talks better goes first.
Others.
Eric Rosenbaum: Didn't work.
Rev. David (he/him): Really really strong at our initial
Mike Sackton: Yeah, great roles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did my know
Timothy Sackton: Didn't say seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I click on initiative and I got a little thing describing what initiative is. But there's no button on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: I was wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let me reload beyond
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah it. Then there's the beyond 25 that's inside the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Description on the upper right of the description
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's normally there, but I'm not seeing it now. Shit. Sorry, maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: My Chrome plugin got turned off or something. Is that
Timothy Sackton: You see it for other places.
Timothy Sackton: Do you see it for other things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like if I go to
Timothy Sackton: Like for sales and for everything else.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no.
Rev. David (he/him): No, it's a real uncut after leveling up
Mike Sackton: You should have to but
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a Chrome extension, right, that does that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: No 20 Oh it is switched off for some reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, because it updated itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: Re enable
Eric Rosenbaum: Refresh.
Eric Rosenbaum: You
Kate: I like in the tower window, instead of in the guardroom but there's still been here, right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, those windows in the tower.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and it did it twice. But the first one is a natural 20
Eric Rosenbaum: Yesterday, cuz I don't even know what I want to do, but
Eric Rosenbaum: I gave giving well
Kate: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: And then I need to
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: So while these arrows come flying out
Timothy Sackton: That and that heads, definitely.
Timothy Sackton: Out the demon
Rev. David (he/him): That's that.
Rev. David (he/him): Is this
Rev. David (he/him): Woman no to this thing. So that should be 11 total
Eric Rosenbaum: So you can use the inspiration to make it a
Eric Rosenbaum: Center attack or something.
Timothy Sackton: And as your arrow comes flying out of the of the window.
Timothy Sackton: This it just pierces right through this little demon creature
Timothy Sackton: And it just dissipates in this puff of flame and smoke and all of these
Timothy Sackton: The nose start looking around.
Timothy Sackton: In a bit of a
Timothy Sackton: Confusion, but you all get a surprise Rant here, so
Timothy Sackton: Let's get this
Timothy Sackton: Well,
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so all that's gonna now.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, take a
Timothy Sackton: So again, she just pulls her hand down like that and this shimmering blade appears in her hand and she just things that I'm at the
Timothy Sackton: Closest no
Timothy Sackton: Watch hats.
Do
Come on.
Timothy Sackton: Five Points damage.
Timothy Sackton: And then she will. Oh.
Sorry.
Too many windows open. Come on.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and then chill with our other hand throw another one.
Timothy Sackton: Which
Timothy Sackton: Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, let's see, well be already had his turn.
Timothy Sackton: So, Kenzo is next.
Sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I actually am. Oh, actually. The first thing I'm going to do is a on a soul site. Is that an action or is it what is that
Timothy Sackton: That's an action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will soul site on the demon
Timothy Sackton: Damn, and his dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit, demons dead.
Timothy Sackton: white arrow.
Timothy Sackton: Destroying
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, great. Then, uh, then who's the next round. We can do that as an old guy in the front.
Timothy Sackton: Desk boss guy here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, yeah, all souls. Amen.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dr. Walter that
Timothy Sackton: I don't think. Now you don't have to roll. Let me just see what that
Timothy Sackton: button next to it that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just says okay
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or whatever, that's fine. Oh, that's interesting. I click that it brings it into the thing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm
So,
Okay, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you can tell me its current hit point total haha
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure, I will also
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm good. I'm done. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So while be shadows are already
Timothy Sackton: Down.
Right.
Mike Sackton: There was one that was like kind of the leader. Yeah, that this one.
Mike Sackton: Was it that one.
Timothy Sackton: This one here.
Mike Sackton: I can't see what here.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I will hacks that fat guy.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: Um,
Mike Sackton: And then send a blast.
Timothy Sackton: That hits
Mike Sackton: Us to for five total
Timothy Sackton: Right from hacks.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'm
Wrestling
Kate: And
Kate: sending forth with an incantation a spiritual
Mike Sackton: At disadvantage on wisdom checks.
Timothy Sackton: Me. Okay.
Kate: Here's a weapon this spectral
Kate: Warhammer of mine, since I can't get down there with my real war him.
Kate: To
To click on the right thing. Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you want a summit.
Kate: I'm just right sort of
Like
Kate: Like right in the middle of them, you know,
Kate: Somewhere over here ish
Kate: Not worry is that is that it. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: There is better. You can you can move up.
Okay.
Yes, that's good.
Kate: So, then great.
Kate: Does it do something
Kate: Did you already do something. Do you need to click on for the things
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that pets.
Timothy Sackton: So does seven points of damage that's a bonus action.
Kate: Casting in the first time was an action.
Timothy Sackton: No, it's a bonus action.
Okay, awesome.
Kate: Um,
Kate: But I can't do another spell right
Timothy Sackton: You can do a catch up.
Mike Sackton: Catch up
Kate: Well, I can do a
Kate: Secret plane, then
Go after
Kate: One of these guys in the front.
Kate: Go.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Who are you, sacred flame.
Kate: And when the front sorry pointed with my mouse, but it didn't.
Kate: Like the
Kate: One this most directly close to me.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as your Spiritual Weapon appears and then and clubbers this
Timothy Sackton: First guy, the leader and then this
Timothy Sackton: Flames appear around the
Timothy Sackton: One of its henchmen in the front. That brings us back to
Timothy Sackton: Seekers turn
Eric Rosenbaum: I begin preparing a very sleepy set of motions of kind of soporific spiral in the air and send it so that it is centered on the leader creature now that has a 20 foot
Eric Rosenbaum: Radius. That looks like, but it works in
Eric Rosenbaum: ascending order of hit points like
Timothy Sackton: At the lowest point first
Eric Rosenbaum: So I probably want to try to
Eric Rosenbaum: limit it to
Eric Rosenbaum: The Knowles and not get the other guys.
Mike Sackton: It's actually way more useful for you if you for me if you don't put the leader to sleep because then if you do I can move if he dies, I can move my hacks to another creature. But if he's just asleep. I can't
Timothy Sackton: Plus, remember that if you don't, that if it doesn't get sleep is more useful for knocking out lots of week enemies than trying to get one strong enemy created a very good chance. He just wouldn't do anything at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so can I get, say, three or four of the select by doing here, what I get. Turner Mickey Mickey.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like if I do it back there.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I potentially get three nano creatures. I don't know what those are.
Timothy Sackton: There's a units back there. It's a 20 foot radius.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well it says within 20 feet of a point that you choose, so
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it's a 20 foot diameter
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Timothy Sackton: No, it's a 20 foot radius. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so pick your point.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh man, but like I can't just can't tell what everything is so
Timothy Sackton: So these are there's high enough nodes and then they'll either. This is the leader of the one next to the Spiritual Weapon.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, he's in the back are just regular hyenas.
Timothy Sackton: Right, that's just a regular it and then the rest of these are no rules.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's have no idea how many hit points, they have something if I could put even a single node asleep. I probably can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many boys do you need to have a
Timothy Sackton: Five day
Eric Rosenbaum: Plus two da for a second level sleeps that's 78 256
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The leaders got
Timothy Sackton: The average is going to be closer to
Timothy Sackton: 20
Timothy Sackton: Yeah 2930, something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna go for the hyenas back here so I'll put it in such a place that I'm not going to get this back we're most know and try to get all three of these heinous
Eric Rosenbaum: To be like something like they are
Timothy Sackton: Well, it goes from lowest to highest So assuming that
Timothy Sackton: Point.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'll try to get all three of them. I'll just get yeah get in the center of those happiness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Go to sleep. I in us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of that made the spell appear on then I need to do.
Eric Rosenbaum: IDA.
Eric Rosenbaum: An additional to the
Timothy Sackton: 33
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: As this room.
Timothy Sackton: flies out
Timothy Sackton: Let's see, we'll use that for
Timothy Sackton: Even though they're not technically unconscious, um,
Timothy Sackton: Three.
Timothy Sackton: hyenas collapse.
Timothy Sackton: And then let's see.
Timothy Sackton: And that
Mike Sackton: Is. Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you put it
Timothy Sackton: Like right here.
Timothy Sackton: Right there.
Timothy Sackton: There. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That is all that it affects but the three beasts just
Timothy Sackton: Collapse asleep on the ground silent.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so now
Timothy Sackton: Let's see the arrows.
Timothy Sackton: Calm.
Timothy Sackton: These, these two creatures that are sort of in the back.
Timothy Sackton: Take out long bows and
Timothy Sackton: Three quarters cover, it's gonna be hard to hit send a few arrows at
Timothy Sackton: Through the people who attacked from the arrows. Let's see here.
Timothy Sackton: So that would be
Timothy Sackton: two arrows coming down with and three quarters covers plus five to AC. So that's a 16 an eight which mess and then two arrows come at
Timothy Sackton: Wow.
Timothy Sackton: At Viola
Which is
Timothy Sackton: That that does hat. So one arrow comes flying through
Timothy Sackton: Through this arrow sled and
Timothy Sackton: Manages to Nick her. And then the second arrow, just again bouncing. Bouncing harmlessly off the walls and then they turn
Timothy Sackton: Okay. And then same with
Timothy Sackton: Same with the nose.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of these nose arrows come clattering up against the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Miss hitting the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Not even hitting a wall.
Timothy Sackton: I'm bouncing off the wall one flying towards well be missing.
Timothy Sackton: And then also flying towards will be and last 117 is that what's your AC.
Timothy Sackton: Cell
Timothy Sackton: And then these all turn
Timothy Sackton: And begin to run
Timothy Sackton: Abandoning the hyenas.
Timothy Sackton: And then this
Timothy Sackton: This one, the
Timothy Sackton: The one carrying the slave
Timothy Sackton: Also
Timothy Sackton: Takes out as long bow.
Timothy Sackton: And sands one arrow at Dartmouth 19
Mike Sackton: And 17 AC. Yeah, okay.
Timothy Sackton: And then a second at Volvo which Mrs. And then well also start to run
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We Chase.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why are they running
Mike Sackton: Because
Eric Rosenbaum: At that point,
Mike Sackton: Because they don't think they can get through the
Mike Sackton: Keep. I mean, it's
Mike Sackton: Well, defended here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you think they're gonna come back with 20 or 30 of their friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of them. So should we go kill them we chase after them and
Mike Sackton: I think it's gonna be hard for us to catch them.
Mike Sackton: Right, like, by the time he there's no quick way out right with
Mike Sackton: Down.
Rev. David (he/him): I think you should jump down and open the Inner Game.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But aren't you gonna be like
Mike Sackton: You shouldn't run after them by yourself, Kenzo
Rev. David (he/him): Jump back up afterwards.
Right.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're gonna head back down into those tunnels. Right.
Timothy Sackton: valets kind of so
Timothy Sackton: What's our plan here.
Timothy Sackton: Looks like they're getting away.
Timothy Sackton: Do we care.
Mike Sackton: I mean, kids. If you want to jump down and see if it makes them turn around, but you're going to take a lot of fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Going to be foolish. Wait. So wait, if I jumped down. Is there a way to get back on the other side. Like you climb back up again.
Timothy Sackton: Not easily.
Rev. David (he/him): If
Somebody could throw you a rope.
Rev. David (he/him): You feel so jumped down on the bottom side of that with respect to run down and open the gate.
And go
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Here he got here. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can
Timothy Sackton: Borrow the gate there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I'll do that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I jumped down and now I'm like okay from from from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So if and when I jumped down. How do I get back up into where we are right now.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: You have to walk all the way over to the outside of the Tower and go up two flights of stairs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of Japan. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, me jumping down here doesn't really do much good does it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Feel that useful.
Kate: Unless it draws them into the keep and then we independent in battle, like in inside key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, fine. I'll do that. I'll just, I'll jump down
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I will. Can I open the door.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that takes your whole term because it's barred with a heavy wouldn't bar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, I'll do that. I'll do that though.
Timothy Sackton: So as the Dart, let's say, so that'll serve Allah is just holding our action.
Timothy Sackton: To attack if they come back. You jumped down and open the door.
Timothy Sackton: Well, being
Rev. David (he/him): I'm gonna
Rev. David (he/him): Shoot the
Rev. David (he/him): Where's the leader again.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Now she's not either the leader is this one.
Mike Sackton: That one. Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): That's the very maximum of regular range. I'll shoot. I'll shoot them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
Timothy Sackton: So are you. Wait, are you
Timothy Sackton: Hiding here.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So make us before you
Timothy Sackton: Roll make a South jack
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you hit no matter what with your twin
Mike Sackton: He has disadvantage and wisdom, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. So you sort of slip around to it another window and the arrow. Then comes flying out from an unexpected direction.
Timothy Sackton: And hits
Timothy Sackton: The leader again solid
Mike Sackton: How many hit points did that I have 4747
by my count.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: I will. I'll drink black blast.
Mike Sackton: The leader.
Mike Sackton: So 13 damage.
Mike Sackton: I seem to 20 heads. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: He's looking pretty shocking up at this point, um,
Timothy Sackton: Let's see resin.
Kate: And will wonder
Timothy Sackton: 10 messes.
Mike Sackton: Move your spiritual weapon.
Kate: And still been movement. Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I can move 20 feet.
Kate: So it could just own up to the camera.
Mike Sackton: At won't get to him.
No.
Kate: My
Kate: Rule 20 screen make moves around all the time. So,
Kate: I put it like, right on top of this bag.
Timothy Sackton: On top of which guy.
Kate: The guy in the back is like there.
Timothy Sackton: What you can occupy the same space. You can put it there.
Mike Sackton: Right there. I mean, you may as well attack one of those guys. Right. Yeah.
Kate: I'm going to, and I was just trying to figure out where the spiritual can can be well it was attacking
Kate: Alright, so, yeah, it's an attack this one. Jason to it.
Kate: The casting
Timothy Sackton: Know you should
Timothy Sackton: You don't want it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. You don't want it. Well, that was a good role. You don't want to cast it again. You just, you just use the
Kate: Just make sure you didn't
Timothy Sackton: Make sure you didn't spend another second levels. Another spouse lot
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, but that obviously hit says your, your this glowing hammer comes crashing down on this. No.
Timothy Sackton: Direct dealing a significant amount of damage.
Timothy Sackton: On my computer cannot really keep up with this many tabs open. Okay so sticker.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the
Eric Rosenbaum: Leader guys still on a seat. Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I have that new can trip, but I think I'm out of range for it. It's too far away.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will fire my crossbow.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: What's the
Timothy Sackton: You gotta get by a window like up against the wall, or in here.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: It's the leader is
Eric Rosenbaum: OK.
Timothy Sackton: So the leader is 80 feet away. What's the range of your
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no he me
Timothy Sackton: So I think disadvantage, or is that what's that your crossbow. I'd like to ranges.
Eric Rosenbaum: 80 and 320
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're fine. Um, so that hats so eight points of piercing damage. Sweet.
Timothy Sackton: Kate, I think you used one more spouse lot than you were supposed to because you accidentally cast Spiritual Weapon twice. So just
Kate: Fine, I removed it. Okay, maybe you didn't know
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as your arrow slams into the leader again come it's
Timothy Sackton: Looking pretty beat up.
Timothy Sackton: As the gate swing open
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: A whole host of creatures. Now turn and start to charge
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ice
Worked
Eric Rosenbaum: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: You guys
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually is that we can kill him 30
Mike Sackton: When I turned around.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, just close it close
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm probably gonna close
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The call more of them. And we're definitely gonna close it and then then you get them back and range and just just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Problem, a bunch more. And then there's like run out and clean up but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not gonna, I mean that my flight like one on nine that'd be kind of like done
Kate: When nine with Ariel support.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenzo. Do you want me to write that choose your own adventure book about you or not, you know,
Eric Rosenbaum: Got a choice, right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is like this is like the legend of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo with the nine tails or whatever.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, like
Eric Rosenbaum: Climbing fisted Kenzo part one. I choose your own adventure novel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it's it's it's a it's Choose Your Own Adventure novels like combined with like Hong Kong martial arts movies, right. So,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so this is the critical element here.
Eric Rosenbaum: With them.
Rev. David (he/him): Just kids. I have a listening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now, or not that you guys are we're, uh,
Huh.
Rev. David (he/him): I feel like it should be. It should be batch like a you know a Kensal the monk know
Eric Rosenbaum: There's like a diagonal
Eric Rosenbaum: Coming soon. And then there's like a preview at the very end and few pages. The next one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so they all basically just turn
Timothy Sackton: Sprint this way.
Timothy Sackton: This is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Great.
Mike Sackton: This is this our places. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: incredibly effective now they're all
Kate: So, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm literally gonna close the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Again, and you can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: literally going to close the door.
Rev. David (he/him): Like a game with a really bad AI upload me
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like
Timothy Sackton: Except for the leader who has gone to
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh shit.
Timothy Sackton: And also yell at this one is the closest one to me who will keep pace with the leader.
Where's
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, hey.
Eric Rosenbaum: He kept running
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah, we got to keep telling him.
Eric Rosenbaum: almost dead right we took him.
Kate: Did he said it was
Eric Rosenbaum: Damage out of each
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, actually what you guys know him fast enough. I can probably run really fast and like ketchup and kill them in hand to hand combat.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I can like, Ah, OK.
Timothy Sackton: Viola go on to move out.
Timothy Sackton: To get a better angle on these
Timothy Sackton: These down here and again fire.
Timothy Sackton: Launch her put her hand down in logic this glowing
Timothy Sackton: Glowing blade which will mess. And then the second one.
Timothy Sackton: Awesome. Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Which brings us to
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do I do what I really want to do is run after the main guy that I will not be able to get over to him about always be the faculty
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see. I guess I could just start trying to kill him. The guys in front of me, but if I step forward to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I can be kind of like, yeah, I don't want to do that. That'd be bad. I get asked a lot
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I just close the door, cuz I really want to be
Rev. David (he/him): Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I guess I'll close the door. I'm going to close the door, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a strength check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah minutes
Timothy Sackton: Very good, you swing that you do swing the door.
Timothy Sackton: And try to get the bar and position, but
Timothy Sackton: It's just, it's awkward. It's unwieldy, it's pretty easy to lift off but to get it back up and seated where we borrow the door is not trivial. And it's not well.
Timothy Sackton: Closed at this point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's fine, wherever the problem gets through. I'll kill him.
Mike Sackton: How do we get down.
Mike Sackton: Like, is there a simple way to get down.
Timothy Sackton: There are stairs down. So you're on the third floor of the tower.
Timothy Sackton: On this side of the tower there's stairs down to the second floor. And then the stairs down to the first floor are
Mike Sackton: Mostly say I decide you mean here.
Timothy Sackton: That just goes up to the
Mike Sackton: To the way so the stairs are down here.
Timothy Sackton: The stairs are in the tower. They're not shown
Mike Sackton: Ah, OK.
Timothy Sackton: So the only way to get down is down to the tower down
Timothy Sackton: Two flights of stairs, and then out the back door.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that's a long way down. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and I should have made it a little bit more cool like when 10s of jumped like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Literally like consoles like up you know 30 feet off the ground and just sort of like looked at everybody and hopped off of the wall, which is like, roughly, and I just like just drifted slowly you know just robe lettering like down to the ground, it was pretty cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You are all very impressed.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: OK, so that was Kansas while beef.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm gonna try and kill the leader.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this is
Rev. David (he/him): This is past regular range so its disadvantage. Right. Yeah, I'm gonna hide and try and get advantage and cancel that out.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And can the
Eric Rosenbaum: New of ingenuity know the note of destruction.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh yeah, I haven't used it yet. What does that do
Timothy Sackton: Its inspiration. So you can add it to your it's a d eight
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you
Timothy Sackton: You know, you move around.
Timothy Sackton: Trying to get a different angle from a different window.
Timothy Sackton: And because he is
Timothy Sackton: Perception is fogged by the hacks that is
Timothy Sackton: Hovering over him. He cannot keep track at this distance, especially where you are. So you do get cancel out.
Rev. David (he/him): Awesome. So I'm really once
Timothy Sackton: Yes, but you don't get
Rev. David (he/him): Kind of us the inspiration to
Timothy Sackton: reroll I yes you can. So that's, isn't it, it's a DS sex at the eight what is
Eric Rosenbaum: This say here.
Timothy Sackton: That's just bardic information.
Timothy Sackton: It should say what m
Eric Rosenbaum: O d six
Timothy Sackton: Okay so ROI de sacs.
Ain't that's
Rev. David (he/him): Awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: There's another 14 to this dizzy or football attack become a
Eric Rosenbaum: Sunday. Oh, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Attack because you don't have advantage.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay, yep.
Mike Sackton: It was seven.
Timothy Sackton: So it's seven
Rev. David (he/him): Good. Still got 40
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Um,
Mike Sackton: I haven't kept track of his house, but he should be pretty well at this point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now he's got 40 he's still pretty strong.
Mike Sackton: Know we hit him a lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've been keeping track, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually Tim just humming. I'm still setting in red. So
Timothy Sackton: He's now out of range of your soul side.
Eric Rosenbaum: And you're betting the gate.
But didn't
Mike Sackton: He had 47 win the game when the combat started
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 5959 in the
Comments.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Mike Sackton: That's not going to get him then.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he has not fallen down as the arrow Pearson's him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's got
Eric Rosenbaum: three arrows in him.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And he got hit twice with my force blast to
Mike Sackton: I did, I only did I did about 20 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hit him for eight
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, sorry, I missed, I missed, I missed rockets and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's got less than 40 let me start with good
Timothy Sackton: Wait, Eric, what is your
Timothy Sackton: What is your routine of destruction do
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, it just says us immediately after the creature roles. The Bartok inspiration die to add it to an attack roll thunder based attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: Not clear what that means.
When we say
Rev. David (he/him): Is it either or though on the attack or the damage.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it's that
Timothy Sackton: Creature can expand the note to create a breath to sound each other creature within five feet of it must exceed our Constitution save or take funder damage equal to the number of rolled on the bardic inspiration die.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: But I don't think it
Timothy Sackton: Works that right i mean it's unclear whether it is
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Whether it's it's I think it's, it's
Eric Rosenbaum: Just the room, along with the arrow.
The room.
Timothy Sackton: The room is the room is circling around well be. And when Welby expands the room. If you choose, you can then cause it to explode around
Timothy Sackton: But I don't think it flies with the arrow.
Timothy Sackton: Um, but you still turned a mess into a hat. So
Eric Rosenbaum: That's something
Timothy Sackton: That anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Okay down with
Mike Sackton: Unfortunately, this guy is like out of my range.
Mike Sackton: He's gonna get. I can't stop him from getting away.
Mike Sackton: So all I can do is
Mike Sackton: I don't even have
Mike Sackton: To attack.
Mike Sackton: This guy, which one
Mike Sackton: That one.
Timothy Sackton: So you gotta move, you can't see that one from where you are.
Mike Sackton: Our final attack this one. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: 24 that hits
Timothy Sackton: So again, as your blast flies through this Eris let and smashes into the
Timothy Sackton: This creature in front of you. Again, it, it sort of staggers back
Timothy Sackton: Raise when
Kate: Was at 320 minutes
Timothy Sackton: So short range is the first number
Timothy Sackton: Anything in between the first number and the second number you have
Timothy Sackton: Disadvantage on
Timothy Sackton: A tackles anything above the second number is too far. You can't hit that
Kate: Matter what I
Kate: Mean, am I the last chance of anybody doing anything to the guy before he runs way.
Mike Sackton: I think so.
Kate: Maybe I should try it, no disadvantage.
Rev. David (he/him): But it was worth it.
Kate: Yeah yeah okay I'm feeling that sort of desperation vibe.
Kate: Alright, so
Timothy Sackton: Know that messes watch
Kate: Anything wrong.
Kate: I could follow the sequence. It gets even worse.
Timothy Sackton: So your ball just flies wide. It's just not as well. And there is no
Timothy Sackton: It's too far away to get a good site on it. Ah seeker.
Kate: Hold on, hold on my
Timothy Sackton: Still. Oh, that's right.
Kate: I'm still trying to consume it into like
Timothy Sackton: The only one you can get to as
Sad as
Kate: You move it for me. Then the map is like jumping all over the place and I can
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Kate: Thank you.
Kate: Bibles just lifting that
Kate: gets damaged not then castings. Well, again,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pretty powerful that you're gonna like a disembodied hammer that just like what's around Wilson.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, very sweet.
Timothy Sackton: Furniture weapon is a very good stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like you can hack things and not get attacked. Very cool.
Timothy Sackton: You gotta roll with the. Have you had
Kate: That it's
Timothy Sackton: It should have
Mike Sackton: It should have little quick
Timothy Sackton: You can always just click your spell attack like the spell attack thing on the top of your spouse that'll
Kate: This one, sorry. When it says six
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's right.
Timothy Sackton: I'm that however
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. That's
Timothy Sackton: 14 heads.
Kate: So then, do I did the dinner together, you just use one from before.
Timothy Sackton: Before
Timothy Sackton: OK. So, again, is your spiritual weapon is sort of crashing into these things now.
Let's see. I'll do
Eric Rosenbaum: Should have been my turn.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, your turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I noticed that everyone is shooting at the fleeing leader I squint off at it at the distance looked down at the in the distance, looked down at my crossbow my hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pray briefly to my ancestors correct for the curly Coriolis forest look and fingers to give them the air. Check the wind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hold the crossbow out the arrows, which
Is in school. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no.
Timothy Sackton: Totally
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, but you take the lower one.
Eric Rosenbaum: For this, this has been
Eric Rosenbaum: The worst one.
Timothy Sackton: And you miss corrected for the corrals for us to got the direction
Rev. David (he/him): Southern
Timothy Sackton: Ontario, but
Eric Rosenbaum: I also heard Kansas reaction to the
Eric Rosenbaum: Gate almost falling on his head and draw a picture of that in the air and it's like it down to him for inspiration. So you have
Timothy Sackton: Got to move somewhere where you can see him.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll run back there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm like,
Eric Rosenbaum: I couldn't wait out girl.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, okay. From there, you could see him.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you have rubric inspiration Kenza
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does that mean,
Eric Rosenbaum: So this is the thing we were doing with. Well, the earlier you can add d six to an attack role and ability check or
Timothy Sackton: tackler saving throw
Timothy Sackton: Say anytime you roll with the 20 basically you can add a DC
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One time operation that for rapid progression of how that
Timothy Sackton: Was for 10 minutes
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah nice so the duration.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: just hoping that the gate doesn't actually fall on you next time.
Timothy Sackton: We're gonna go
Timothy Sackton: There and
Timothy Sackton: Hold there. Well, this one I'll fire up it at the other ones gonna hold this action for if the gate comes down.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see.
Timothy Sackton: 15. But this is only plus to cover so that hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The ball is getting
Timothy Sackton: And that hits. Yeah, she's not
two arrows.
Timothy Sackton: slam into her and she likes staggers back like in in bad shape like practically
Timothy Sackton: I'm like, thank God, or good she's you know she's bleeding.
Timothy Sackton: That was just from one of them. The other is holding its action. Okay, now
Timothy Sackton: Not, not back, stop it, stop it, stop it records horrible. OK, so now this these three two nodes are just gonna rush forward headlong into this gate.
Don't
Rev. David (he/him): Know,
Eric Rosenbaum: But they're just attacking the gate itself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK. Make another strength jack
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you're holding it open.
Rev. David (he/him): The door.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, closed you're holding it.
Or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, nope. The door.
Timothy Sackton: You get pushed back
Timothy Sackton: Door slams open
Eric Rosenbaum: You can use your inspiration. If you want to
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah, you can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Use my inspiration. Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got a role on the six
Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): And yeah, yes.
Timothy Sackton: You can actually roll twice and take the better one, but I'm
Timothy Sackton: Probably not going to be the five
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, five. Okay, so, um,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, he will
Eric Rosenbaum: Make
Timothy Sackton: You beat him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So as these two
Timothy Sackton: Balls one sort of slipped a little bit. It doesn't get a good handle on the other comes crashing forward and the door shatters and begins to fly open
Timothy Sackton: When the room just kind of
Timothy Sackton: Gives you an extra burst of strength to hold it fast.
Timothy Sackton: And they will now.
Timothy Sackton: These two now run back
Timothy Sackton: As the next two
Eric Rosenbaum: To 31234
Timothy Sackton: Run and slam into the door.
Timothy Sackton: So make another strength jack
Eric Rosenbaum: Nicklaus
Timothy Sackton: Ty goes to the
Timothy Sackton: Current situations at the door, still does not open
Where
Timothy Sackton: And this one is gonna stay sort of underneath.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's actually both of them are gonna stay
Timothy Sackton: Underneath that. Let's see. And there's one more. No one.
Timothy Sackton: Make one more strength jack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is man.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to get through there.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, what
Rev. David (he/him): Is less good.
Timothy Sackton: The only bought an eight, but that
Timothy Sackton: If I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: That's right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I
Timothy Sackton: Know you already used that
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it works. Once
Timothy Sackton: So as this final know you've been struggling to call it the gates open against this onslaught as this final one crashes in
Timothy Sackton: The gate slams open and you are pushed back as the wooden doors fly free but you did make every single one of them waste their turn, getting the gate open so
Timothy Sackton: They cannot rushing attack you. But the Hunter has been holding his action now lines up as long shot and
Timothy Sackton: two arrows come flying at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And me.
Rev. David (he/him): What did I do
Timothy Sackton: The first one goes flying wide and as you begin to dodge out of the way you turn and the second one.
Timothy Sackton: With a natural 20
Timothy Sackton: Just flies straight into your thought your side doing 14 points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Am I am
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can like do ship with arrows I can
Timothy Sackton: I can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, you can. I think block arrows and shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow.
Timothy Sackton: You can deflect missiles bola de cannon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Address. Oh my god.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I can totally different missiles. Come on. Login musky mortal arrows. Alright, so what
Timothy Sackton: That's an awesome ability
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a mercury talking about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Euro and have a free 10 yes I'll have to do is spend a key and I can deflect missiles, you
Timothy Sackton: Don't even have to spend a key. If you
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you just do it on you use your reaction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like it looking perfect
Timothy Sackton: So you can add your month at four.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then what does that do
Mike Sackton: It, it does that, much less damage.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm, it reduces the damage by that amount.
Timothy Sackton: So now you
Timothy Sackton: can spend a key to throw it back.
Timothy Sackton: The damage to zero. You can spend a key to throw it back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why am I so awesome. All right. We don't see that as a thing. If you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh my God, yeah. If you've reduced damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To zero and have a free hand you can spend one key point to make a ranged attack. Oh shit, so I can literally like take it deflect it and then
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So how do I
Eric Rosenbaum: Do. I'm like rapidly scribbling notes.
Timothy Sackton: Are just
Timothy Sackton: A book and
Then
Timothy Sackton: It.
Timothy Sackton: Good. Are you
Kate: Watching out the window seeker.
Timothy Sackton: You're watching this whole thing happen just make an
Timothy Sackton: Unarmed strike, strike.
Mike Sackton: Where are the stairs down
Eric Rosenbaum: there somewhere inside the tower.
Timothy Sackton: Or in this tower.
Over like
Mike Sackton: You're saying about over here. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13
Timothy Sackton: Ah, that hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what does the arrow actually do does it
Eric Rosenbaum: Make a U turn on here.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, gotcha. And this
Timothy Sackton: Is like has been lining up his shop.
Timothy Sackton: With his bow just waiting for the doors to slit FLY OPEN. Finally, after
Timothy Sackton: An extreme number of hits the doors do fly open and you're standing there you dodge the first strikes turn around the second strike is barreling right down for you and you're just like, Nope.
Timothy Sackton: Smack it and then hit it with your other hand and just accelerate it with your key and it goes flying
Timothy Sackton: This guy was already wounded.
Timothy Sackton: And now he's nearly dad as its own arrow pals him.
Timothy Sackton: Breaking into as flash
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is this is turning into a movie.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is literally
We should maybe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like so against like eight days trying to burst the door open.
And
Timothy Sackton: A ma
Timothy Sackton: Ok and now this these two
Timothy Sackton: Will run
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this is about to get bad this is about to get like a dudes against me unless you guys kill a couple of these, these guys that would be helpful.
Eric Rosenbaum: To get hectic down there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Get through all these
Timothy Sackton: Okay so so bola well
Timothy Sackton: Attack the
Timothy Sackton: She's pretty bad off.
Mike Sackton: What's your max range.
Mike Sackton: crossbow folks.
Timothy Sackton: To 40 I think
Eric Rosenbaum: Once
Eric Rosenbaum: We return
Timothy Sackton: 20 probably still within max range, the leader.
Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just murder correct for the cruelest Coriolis first in the correct direction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Remember to keep your eyes open.
I was the other
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Secret that was, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Boys and one other
Timothy Sackton: I'm blade flying down at this
Timothy Sackton: Wounded the wounded one right
Timothy Sackton: Right below her.
Timothy Sackton: The first blade heading.
Timothy Sackton: And then the offhand blade flying wide and then as she is quite badly hurt. She is going to go 123456 and then bonus action dash 123 over here so that may be rest when will heal her
Timothy Sackton: She's like lit comes running out limping like they got paid.
Timothy Sackton: And that will bring us to Ken's out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so now the doors open, right.
Timothy Sackton: The doors open. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fucking hell. All right. Well, I guess like inside here is probably one of the better places to be. Because I can only get attacked by two guys at a time, actually.
Mike Sackton: Huh, right. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yep, I'm actually just going to go underneath underneath this now. Right. Yeah. I'm going to go over here just attack the guy that he did you do I can find it.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I will strike this. Oh, actually, what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want and also how does all this other stuff. I've been using the key. Oh, I didn't use a key. I use a key to put the thing back on it, right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it is the key. The soul side. So you've used to
Mike Sackton: How high up our way.
Kate: CP didn't say
Timothy Sackton: 3030 feet.
Timothy Sackton: 25 feet.
Kate: But I was thinking of just
Kate: roping down
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking the same thing.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, so your first attack smacks this one.
Timothy Sackton: kloppers him.
Timothy Sackton: Nearly dad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, then I will. I'll try to finish them off with a strike yep action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mrs about
Timothy Sackton: Power of your quarter staff wham big overhead to to end it strike, but you cannot quite recover quickly enough.
Timothy Sackton: You can spend the key to Flurry of blows. If you want to get a third strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I'm actually going to stay right here so that way I can. I'm the slightly weaker guy if he wants to try to attack me he could
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So that brings us to well be.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Rev. David (he/him): I am going to shoot that dude again. So I'll
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on.
Rev. David (he/him): Over to the next.
Rev. David (he/him): Arrows. Let's try and get a better line and we hide myself along the way.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, so even the people next to
Timothy Sackton: Me. Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): And I
Kate: Know that's is hiding
Mike Sackton: That's yes
Mike Sackton: That was hiding
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It allows the arrow.
Rev. David (he/him): So will be will knock it will close his eyes will knock in the arrow.
Rev. David (he/him): Will feel the breeze moving and then open
Rev. David (he/him): Up the shot in
Timothy Sackton: That hat.
Yes.
Rev. David (he/him): Or
Timothy Sackton: Bad, I think. Let me see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh my gosh.
Timothy Sackton: That takes them down.
Eric Rosenbaum: From like 200 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: From 200 feet away. While these arrow just slides straight and true.
Timothy Sackton: And you see this
Timothy Sackton: Nolan, the distance fall over.
Eric Rosenbaum: But not credible.
Eric Rosenbaum: What there's two or two.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, the leader. We got the other one. We're not gonna, I don't think we're gonna
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But that's okay, but that's I think the the leaders, the one that's probably the one able to communicate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Something I don't
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we'll see.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, now with
Mike Sackton: What's the state of these two hunter dudes.
Timothy Sackton: One of them, the one that got that his own era was shot into them is on the left is wounded. The other one is not. All right.
Mike Sackton: I'll bonus action. My hacks on to the wounded one
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And then I'll just blast them.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: From here, you don't really have line of sight on that one.
Mike Sackton: Which one's the wounded one
Timothy Sackton: The one on the left.
Mike Sackton: You can't see out. I assume from the arrows. Let
Timothy Sackton: You don't have a very wide angle of you from an heiress that
Timothy Sackton: Maybe you slay him.
Mike Sackton: Well, I can. What if I move over one.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, if you move over. Yeah, if you move over one, you could
Rev. David (he/him): I'll be right back.
Mike Sackton: So he takes 14 damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that will kill him.
Timothy Sackton: As
Timothy Sackton: Well, we just are. Sorry, that was a blast of force knocks him back.
Timothy Sackton: So now raise when
Kate: I'm
Kate: I am going to
Kate: Throw an action.
Kate: I mean,
Kate: Just kind of useful.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have to
Timothy Sackton: Just go hide out in the tower. Nobody can really hurt her.
Kate: I was kind of thinking that, but then I was thinking that was kind of to mean and I was kind of thinking that mean you're still how many There's rather a lot of no's.
Mike Sackton: There are
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a bit of situation.
Kate: Maybe I better painting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that would be helpful. I personally appreciate that because I think like 500 we're about to tag me
Um,
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you don't have
Kate: Should I just like with anything and broken down there.
Mike Sackton: What's your move.
Timothy Sackton: You can't do that and you're not gonna be able to do that. And when turn your moves only 25 feet. So you can't even get you could climb down from
Timothy Sackton: From here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Continue to kill my peers is good.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, turn dashing to get there.
Mike Sackton: Well hold on with a rope. Could I climbed down from here in a turn.
Mike Sackton: So I'm trying to figure out how many turns would
Timothy Sackton: Have speed on a rope. So you would
Timothy Sackton: So we take you one turn dashing to climb down on a rope.
Kate: From this shorter pipe. We're done with is
Timothy Sackton: From where down with us. If you dropped a rope over the back of this
Timothy Sackton: Then it would
Timothy Sackton: It would be
Timothy Sackton: It would take you one turn if you are standing here you could climb down by dropping a rope and then climbing with your action and your mood right
Mike Sackton: So, from here I could get down and I'd have to maybe use my move on my next action to next turn to finish getting down
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah yeah
Mike Sackton: But I'd be able to be standing here and attack on my
Mike Sackton: Turn. Yeah. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Base I'd lose one turn
Mike Sackton: Yeah, is that worth it, Kenzo. Do you need help down there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think if you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, what, how, what's, what's the status of having to these guys aren't in
Timothy Sackton: Like the four most of them are pretty wounded. Actually, the three on the right are all badly wounded. The two are not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I think if you guys stay up there and just kill them with your, with your range of sacks that'll be plenty that I can finish off whatever was
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As opposed to sending down
Kate: Can I see them well enough to
Kate: To tackle them from my window.
Timothy Sackton: From here you can see maybe the hunter.
Timothy Sackton: But not the ones that are clustered by the gate.
Mike Sackton: The hunters worth
Kate: Hundreds were shooting it anyway because
Kate: Yeah, it's pretty far gone. All right.
Kate: I am going to
Kate: Sacred flame home.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you shoot him with an arrow and second women.
Kate: Now know wants to pick
Kate: An action.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, so he fails, his deck save and then do you want us Spiritual Weapon him.
Kate: I. Yes, I definitely want to Spiritual Weapon.
Kate: Mean
Kate: It's did you have the spiritual opener.
Kate: I did. Okay. I was like, Okay, thank you. I will
Kate: What happens is every time anyone has anything. My, my role 20 resets that I have like a gray box and everything is has seemed off the
Kate: Map is great.
Timothy Sackton: I think it makes I think that computers are old enough, this map.
Timothy Sackton: makes his struggle, make them struggle because that's a very large map.
Kate: Anyway, I'm doing
Kate: What's right and I just did it bolt. I'm very sorry, it's not
Timothy Sackton: The same role, to be honest, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes. Yeah, I think, I think that's a 21
Timothy Sackton: So just roll, Wendy, a plus for for damage.
Kate: First place, I saw one day plus four was in my career wounds was like, can I just click that.
Timothy Sackton: You can just type
Mike Sackton: Slash roll one dash
Mike Sackton: D plus four.
Kate: In a row 20
Yeah.
Kate: Oh gosh, I have no idea. The syntax of that is terrifying. I'm not like any of you people. Is there a space between role and one
Mike Sackton: Yeah, here.
Kate: That count.
Kate: For me,
Mike Sackton: I meant to do this.
Mike Sackton: To show you what to type
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Kate: I'm gonna do that just practice.
Kate: Something thanks Mike.
Timothy Sackton: Style by
Kate: The technical technical. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That brings us to see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't kill the hunter.
Timothy Sackton: This one's not was not wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Down with the wounded one. All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, I'm gonna
Eric Rosenbaum: Hustle back over to the front to where I can get a line of sight on these guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: So anybody have a metal armor metal weapons middle jewelry among
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, they, they, they're all carrying
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps a filling in there to
Rev. David (he/him): Listen to metal
Timothy Sackton: They don't, they don't, they're actually all wearing leather armor.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: The boss was wearing metal armor, but these ones are not, these ones are not wearing metal armor and they have spears, which is what
Timothy Sackton: These are not good targets for that all
Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the hunter guy back here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna like make an inference that the noble creatures. One of the ways in which they communicate with each other with respect to hierarchy and status.
Is through scat based
Eric Rosenbaum: And so I'm going to send a vicious
Eric Rosenbaum: Glowing illusory scat message insulting his leadership and fighting ability
Eric Rosenbaum: Not to mention is
Eric Rosenbaum: No sexual prowess and ancestry all packed into one really stinky glowing scat. That is my new actually. Oh wait, can I use that my new country.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, okay.
Rev. David (he/him): This, this is this a glowing poop or you like to eat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Poop.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it only does one second.
Timothy Sackton: So, it
Eric Rosenbaum: Is an ad tech
Timothy Sackton: But it gives them disadvantage of this next attack. That's the most important part
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wow. Amazing. Then I will follow up with a crossbow bolts. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I know those are both action. So you can't do both a crossbow and
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that can trip isn't action. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I know when they're not actually
Timothy Sackton: I should say on the spell one bonus action instead of
Mike Sackton: Right Action.
Most
Eric Rosenbaum: God. Okay, that's cool.
Timothy Sackton: So, but as your as as rune sort of just over it like at like sticks on to him just sort of clinging to his to his weapons.
Timothy Sackton: And he turned Stan to go and
Why is it
So confused with this stupid thing.
Timothy Sackton: As he as he turns to go and
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Take his arrow and sort of look around for a target I'm
Timothy Sackton: Ken's are now being partially blocked by the cluster of nodes there but still figuring he's going to take a shot at Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see. I'll shoot another arrow on me, dude. Come on, he has
Timothy Sackton: His trials, he draws a bead and the shot sort of looks like it's about to strike. True, but then this like
Timothy Sackton: Energy clean to his weapons makes it go fly wide and bounce off the wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What happened.
Timothy Sackton: The payroll. The 21 in an eight. So if you had not had disadvantage, you would have had, but
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Disadvantage made a mess, but that is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guys to hit. Now these are, this is pretty exciting.
Mike Sackton: Knowing that yeah
Timothy Sackton: second arrow does um
Timothy Sackton: Strike true. Well, possibly straight to
Timothy Sackton: nine points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's, it's one day 10 plus four. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Wendy templates for a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good role.
Timothy Sackton: So also reduced to zero.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dude, I fucking love it when these these dudes shoe fucking arrows me. So again, he shoots it. He shoots. And then I catch it, flip it and then fire right back at home. And then what do I do get into it, the
Timothy Sackton: Arm strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On Armstrong.
Rev. David (he/him): I think it's actually, it's actually D 10 plus eight because it's your debts modifier plus your MCC level.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, even better. I thought it was just your decks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did they did the air just give you a hint point
Timothy Sackton: Zero. It doesn't do anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: YEAH. Robin at
Timothy Sackton: That. So as you
Timothy Sackton: Again,
Eric Rosenbaum: They're gonna learn their race at some point.
Timothy Sackton: And now it strikes them again in the lag and I'm there, I'm
Timothy Sackton: There as our BB and it's just like hanging there bleeding, as he is now nearly, nearly dead from his own weapon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, so. So, in all seriousness, meta game. What we should do in situations like this when they're far away, I should just like go out by myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah actually x, so I can like
Timothy Sackton: Look, you can only go once a turn.
Timothy Sackton: Right. Oh, we only got one reaction to turn is the thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's too bad. I thought I could just like like have like dudes volleying arrows.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Eric Rosenbaum: It works great in this situation when there's only one
Timothy Sackton: Ranged attacker.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: If there's 20 years
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay then. I then I will get a little full of arrows, probably at some point. Yeah. All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But for now, this is pretty fucking awesome.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, but now the nose, Russian, what would their spears. The first strike is a 14
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh god.
Timothy Sackton: What's your I see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My see whatever is better than that 70
Timothy Sackton: So that Mrs. Wait, is it really seven. All right, because you have
Timothy Sackton: Right, because you got plus one, two decks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Close to two decks.
Timothy Sackton: Anyway, yes. So your AC 17 okay so that myth is um
Timothy Sackton: Ah, then the next one comes in with a spear.
Timothy Sackton: Which is a natural 20
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on.
Timothy Sackton: So that hits for
Timothy Sackton: 14 points of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, now
Eric Rosenbaum: That center point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's a lie.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But they're not
Timothy Sackton: Man Come on.
Timothy Sackton: The last one.
Timothy Sackton: Comes in.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Where did you say he was
Timothy Sackton: 17 okay so that Mrs. And then
Timothy Sackton: This one will try and get a longbow up to the
Timothy Sackton: Into the arrows let and just aims perfectly. These guys are rolling another natural 20
Timothy Sackton: Which gets dealt with.
For
Timothy Sackton: 13 points of damage.
takes notes much
Timothy Sackton: As they just got the perfect aim and then this one will also run back 123456 and try to line up a shot on a
Timothy Sackton: Well beam.
Timothy Sackton: Which methods playing off the wall and that ends the no barrage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, but I'm about to folks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like in Kansas pissed off, but now all three of these dudes are wounded right that are that are down next to me.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the one immediately to your left is is not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the other two are we did, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which ones were bad when
Eric Rosenbaum: I like how it just says Kansas turn like 17 times in a row.
Timothy Sackton: I know it's something weird about the way
Timothy Sackton: This
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Trap Turner. Cuz, cuz I'm about I'm about to hopefully kill all 3D
Timothy Sackton: Volo first bullet first. So she's also going to send a
Timothy Sackton: Psychic blade at
Timothy Sackton: This this wounded one
Timothy Sackton: which Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Mrs. And then she's gonna bonus action hide.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: OK, so she's hiding so well being.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They don't didn't, it wasn't my turn to
Timothy Sackton: Ah, sorry. Cancel, cancel them, Bobby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so I'm going to directly in front of me, like, like can you describe how did they are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In order they're both
Timothy Sackton: Like badly wounded. The two
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. All right. And I'm gonna I'm gonna attack the unmuted guy to my left with my quarter stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And hopefully fuck him up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I get to do any inspiring things or do that already already
Timothy Sackton: Not happen you use that already.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just a one time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then, then I will. I'm can. So I think that arm strike and then Flurry of blows right
Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay so unarmed strikes to do directly in front of me to to get in front of me.
Timothy Sackton: Hi.
Timothy Sackton: Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Back in. All right, this is not going according to plan, but I will try to Flurry of blows the same dude I'm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Getting some good air. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's okay.
Timothy Sackton: And that kills him actually
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Excellent.
Timothy Sackton: So one down.
Timothy Sackton: Are you going to move
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Um, can I move without getting, am I going
Timothy Sackton: To get attacked. If you move
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, then I will, I will not move.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could really throw them off by closing the gate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Again. Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I, can I do like a like a, like, what's the, what's the deal with bashings
Timothy Sackton: So that's your action. You could you you already used your bonus action for your unarmed strikes where your blows. So you're
Timothy Sackton: All good. Now let's move
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see. I could have done stuff with the wind disengaged or dash
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes. Okay, but I did not do that. I attack and
Mike Sackton: As far
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as I'm concerned, my man.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well,
Rev. David (he/him): I think in the last round that guy who was next to the leader move. I just want to check is that expected. Is he coming back.
Timothy Sackton: Now he was supposed to move
Let's see how far can you get
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, he's gonna now get into this
Eric Rosenbaum: Still got a line of sight on him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, you're 60 feet.
Rev. David (he/him): Good heaven.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but he's not. He was never damaged. Was he
Timothy Sackton: He was never damage.
Rev. David (he/him): No, but it doesn't hurt.
Mike Sackton: Well, it might be helpful to kill some of these guys here. It's all I'm thinking before
Kate: Where they
Mike Sackton: Will be yeah yeah
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, that's fair. All right, or either the two guys down in front of our wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, the one closest to the tower, the one right near doubt with it's been dead. Great.
Well,
Rev. David (he/him): Hi, and attack.
Rev. David (he/him): So hiding
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you are not hitting
Rev. David (he/him): I
Rev. David (he/him): Know, okay.
Rev. David (he/him): I will not know I will look on the second floor behind an arrow slit like
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Yes, but that's doesn't mean you automatically get to get a sneak attack right i mean you can get out, you can get total cover anytime you want. It's a question of whether you can then be
Timothy Sackton: You know, sneaky enough to attack them without notice them noticing.
Rev. David (he/him): Alright, so let's just seven. Then on the wounded, dude.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so your arrow then flies into the wounded, dude.
Timothy Sackton: Damaging him but not quite killing him, but he is pretty damaged.
Mike Sackton: Which one, how is this guy doing the hunter.
Timothy Sackton: He is everybody's pretty wounded except for except for this and this. Everybody else's pretty badly.
Mike Sackton: I forgot to have my hacks know was turning like glass. Turn the guy that my axon died right
Mike Sackton: Yes. Alright, so I'm going to hacks. The hunter and I'll just blast them.
Timothy Sackton: That hits
Timothy Sackton: And how much do you do for x.
Well, it doesn't matter. He only had seven points.
Timothy Sackton: So the hunter goes down to Tao laughs
Timothy Sackton: Laughs force.
Timothy Sackton: And you used your bonus action to move the AX two
Timothy Sackton: And now it's gone again.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, but I, you got to make
Timothy Sackton: You didn't mean I got hash and
Mike Sackton: Check last guess
Timothy Sackton: That should be fine.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Okay, raise when
Kate: I am going to
Kate: I'm going to
Kate: Sacred flame, the one you're dealt with and then did my
Kate: Spiritual Weapon movement.
Timothy Sackton: Can get
Timothy Sackton: It can get in between them.
Timothy Sackton: We made his deck save. Anyway, so does no damage.
Kate: And then I get to try again with the Spiritual Weapon.
Like the goals.
Timothy Sackton: So that as you're this glowing hammer comes flying across the field and just cracks this nail on the had and it collapses on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: So that was Brisbane. Okay, so our three degree as well.
Timothy Sackton: So now at sneaker
Eric Rosenbaum: So is there any way I can get a line of sight on Kenzo or is he like totally hidden
Timothy Sackton: From yes
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, he's totally hidden underneath the tunnel.
Mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that long shot. That will be didn't take, I guess I will also not take
Eric Rosenbaum: Follow him in following up on the success of my devastating scat based critique of the other know I will. Human hit this one with illusory.
Eric Rosenbaum: Know you're in the carrying a
Eric Rosenbaum: Deeply insulting message.
Eric Rosenbaum: Doing for psychic damage.
Timothy Sackton: Let's say, so he takes for damage and have disadvantage on this next attack.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: That is going to bring us to these
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. What just happened there.
Timothy Sackton: I'll use us. Okay, so that's going to bring us to the knows
Timothy Sackton: This one will make it spear and stab at it, Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Which messes.
Timothy Sackton: And then the second one will take it spear and stab at it, Kenzo just an 18
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no.
Timothy Sackton: Which hits for four points of damage is got
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Two points of damage to have one is left
Off.
Timothy Sackton: And then this one. Well,
Timothy Sackton: Ron underneath.
Timothy Sackton: And also attack Kensal but with disadvantage, which messages.
Timothy Sackton: And that will end the nose turn out the last known now runs off the battlefield.
Timothy Sackton: hyenas still asleep for another
Timothy Sackton: 20 seconds or so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh geez.
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Let's see. Voila.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody can see anything down there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Um, yeah.
Yeah, let's see, can she get
She's to jump.
Timothy Sackton: She is just gonna run
Timothy Sackton: Like here above
Timothy Sackton: And
Kate: We sent the end of my term that I started moving forward. Stella.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: And she will get a robe show as over here by our capsule. Grab a rope in a grappling hook and hook the rope.
Timothy Sackton: Onto the calculations here and drop it down.
Timothy Sackton: And that will enter turn so Ken's out your up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A result. Can you hear me, even if I'm not if you like to hear me from like you being above me.
Kate: I was attached thing, sorry, I'm sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which
Timothy Sackton: Was either bad feeling sorry your woman's touch healing word is line of sight.
Kate: better word. I only have Caroline's
Timothy Sackton: Correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If you want to run away. You can i mean
Timothy Sackton: Follow dropped him rope down so you could you do see a row
Timothy Sackton: Crop from the
Timothy Sackton: From right here. So there's now a rope hanging down like right there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll run. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I've got to hit points, but also potentially killing all three of these guys in one turn while you guys can't see anything. And then emerging out of the other side of increasing often too so
Eric Rosenbaum: It's, it's one of those choices.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is one of those choices.
Eric Rosenbaum: To try to kill them on the page 73
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The guy, the guy directly to my left is still not injured at all right.
Correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see. Well, I can. Let's see. I can you just a planar power. That seems pretty powerful doesn't have
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and I actually have, oh, I only have two key left. Yeah, but I actually, I because so site does not require keep
Timothy Sackton: It only robots. Right.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you're right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've only used stookey so far. I think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, what do I do. So I feel like I feel like I can kill all three of them. The two in front of me are routed right
Timothy Sackton: Yes, but only one bad
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Man, what do you guys think, should I, should I be, should I be like reckless and try to kill them all.
Mike Sackton: I don't think you can kill them all.
Mike Sackton: In one but but but there's time before their mean we all get to go before that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Correct. Anything you guys do anything other than try to hunt down
Mike Sackton: I mean,
Eric Rosenbaum: We're pretty far away.
Mike Sackton: I think I can get down there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know me I cure potions and show like that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, just go for it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna try. I'm gonna try to
Kate: Bring you back from death.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, so those. The thing was actually learning quite a bit from his near death experiences is now it's
Mike Sackton: A cow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's actually very useful for spiritual development as well. Nearly dying. So I'm gonna bash the the uninjured one directly to my left with my staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You happen to their
Timothy Sackton: hot mess says
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on, man. All right. Then I'm gonna I'm gonna do for your blows and I'm strike on the badly wounded one. Yep.
Timothy Sackton: That Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on.
Mike Sackton: All right, that's rough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do that again for the wounded one
Timothy Sackton: That has
Timothy Sackton: That kills that
Timothy Sackton: Say, that's your
Timothy Sackton: That's your flurry with your key. So your first two strikes go wild, but with your third
Timothy Sackton: That digging into your spiritual reserves your third strike. I'm just knocks the the
Timothy Sackton: No back end to the side and it's lifeless body slumps on the floor.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well be.
Rev. David (he/him): What's the. Is there a rope down somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: There's a rope right next to vote right here.
Mike Sackton: Because I'm going to jump on it.
I'm
Rev. David (he/him): Just go down the stairs. I don't think I can get there in time to
Mike Sackton: Stairs all over here.
Rev. David (he/him): All right, one
Rev. David (he/him): The ropes over there.
Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, can I get over there and get down to ground level and like here.
Ish.
Timothy Sackton: That rope is 30 feet down and it's climbing. So it's difficult terrain. So, it cost you 30 feet of movement it cost you 60 feet of movement to get down to the ground.
So,
Timothy Sackton: So, actually. Wait, what's your speed.
Timothy Sackton: 25 so 75. So how far are you from the rope.
Rev. David (he/him): You're too far from more than 15
Timothy Sackton: Even with bonus action dash
Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: All right, well, if you want to just
Timothy Sackton: Lets you want to just drop the last 15 feet. Yeah, that's fine.
Kate: Will do that.
Kate: Okay, so like
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you take six points of damage and
Timothy Sackton: Like an acrobatics check
Timothy Sackton: So you land like right there.
Timothy Sackton: But on your feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Crunch.
Mike Sackton: So,
Mike Sackton: Instead of climbing down the rope. Can I just slide down the rope.
Timothy Sackton: You either spend the movement or you take the day
Mike Sackton: But like
Mike Sackton: You can't just hold on to the rope and slide down. I mean, I've done that. Right, like it. You don't have to climb and over and
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, but that's still that's that's what that's you're not moving as fast as you would on
Timothy Sackton: Running on straight ground.
Mike Sackton: I'm skeptical but
Mike Sackton: It seems like you should be able to slide down a rope faster than you would climb up at
Timothy Sackton: Possibly
Timothy Sackton: I'm sticking with my call.
Mike Sackton: I don't think that makes any sense. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's recall the DM
Eric Rosenbaum: DM election.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, you're impeached.
Mike Sackton: 123
Mike Sackton: Can I shoot and I'll just blast halfway just hanging off the rope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Mike Sackton: Resume as soon as like over the lip I have line of sight.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you could do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As pretty big last find
Mike Sackton: That I'll do that. I'll take that. Instead of here.
Mike Sackton: So I'll go over the web. I'll use a bonus action to move the hacks to
Mike Sackton: This guy.
Mike Sackton: And I shoot him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Teamwork makes the dream work.
Timothy Sackton: So you're like, hang on the rope here then.
Yes. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That hits
Mike Sackton: Five from hacks.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that was dealt with so risk.
Kate: So if I move is this thing that I can see if it doesn't see these guys.
Timothy Sackton: These guys are under underneath the stones, so you cannot see them unless you
Timothy Sackton: Like there's there's basically no way you can see them from here because Dallas. Now hang on the road and
Kate: All right, well,
Kate: So why don't I just dash to try to get to the stairs at this point since that within well being and they're clogging up the group space.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in Brisbane, use the users.
Kate: Like, I mean, I have my own rope, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: You could drop
Kate: Yeah, just dropped a different route. Sure.
Timothy Sackton: So you could dash to get to here or here and drop another row as your turn.
Kate: Sure. That's what I'm doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And she used her the staff, the, the spiritual flooding staffing to attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: An older like record revenue.
Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Does it. I think he
Timothy Sackton: Is there any can you attack with
Timothy Sackton: Something you can't see. Let me look at Spiritual Weapon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As smart as the weapon is their autonomous mode.
Mike Sackton: self driving weapon.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, I think you can only move it to
Timothy Sackton: Place you can see
Timothy Sackton: Ah, actually. No it does not.
Kate: Say that
Timothy Sackton: No, it is a ton of
Kate: It's all right.
Timothy Sackton: God if God driven
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah, absolutely nothing in this file that says it, you cannot move it to places yet.
Kate: Know the Dervish guides are going to guide this weapon.
Kate: If I can see in the dark and can see through stone, said the door thing.
Kate: So,
Kate: Move it over 123
Timothy Sackton: But I do think
Timothy Sackton: So it does give you so you do have to attack with disadvantage because you can't see, because that's the normal rules for unseen targets.
Okay.
Kate: So I rolled the attack twice.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, and take the lower one that's still. That's awesome.
Timothy Sackton: I'm getting pretty badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Ah seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm like engrossed in my note taking for this future projects, considering different titles like gate.
Of Knowles
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe Kenzo legendary arrow catch or sketching like this amazing moment with the air me and I look up for my drawings. And actually, the room is just completely empty. All of a sudden, where everybody go
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm gonna, I guess, run outside at least try to have a line of sight on what's happening.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually, I can see a little bit from down here.
Timothy Sackton: You could see
Timothy Sackton: If you can see from there you can see down with dangling on a rope.
Timothy Sackton: And well be like limping on a slightly hurt ankle on the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Kate: Feeling WordPress site right
Timothy Sackton: You could healing word down with or Welby but you can't killing kids. Oh.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will just provide some good old fashioned verbal encouragement of the non magical
Eric Rosenbaum: You got this guy's
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe close the gate. Again, something
Rev. David (he/him): We sort of looked like or
Rev. David (he/him): Did that help
Eric Rosenbaum: That's
Timothy Sackton: The remaining two knows now well
Timothy Sackton: Make their attacks.
Timothy Sackton: On Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: First
Kate: Take a shot at one dwarf dangling in a row, bringing up to me.
Timothy Sackton: Now they can't i mean
Timothy Sackton: They can't reach the elf dangling on a rope.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's fine. We got this, we got this. The
Timothy Sackton: First one is the 10 that misses the second one is a seven that missing.
Timothy Sackton: Sucker so within those
Timothy Sackton: Try and get their spirits on you and. Wow. All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Quarter staff and hopefully kill the one that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bell with has elders blasted
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And fucking smashed this one.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, which one are you hitting
Timothy Sackton: The laughter, the one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which one I thought the one was which ones badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: Neither one is badly wounded.
Timothy Sackton: In time, what the one in front of you is more wounded.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll tell the one in front of me since
Timothy Sackton: Actually doesn't kill it. So your quarter staff wham smack down on this. No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Excellent. And then I Flurry of blows the
Timothy Sackton: You can just do me you don't even need a flurry. Well, you can flourish to do to unarmed strikes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All the overall doing in our instructors.
Timothy Sackton: That had
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like tell them know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let somebody else go actually down and now I'm going to use a key. And I'm going to carry on.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is your gate.
Timothy Sackton: That that hits and that just kills him. He had seven hit points.
Timothy Sackton: So your quarter staff wham, the first one and then you just come around and
Timothy Sackton: And with your fifth you just send this guy flying smack into the wall. And now, Kenzo was just standing there.
Timothy Sackton: Lot DRIPPING FROM HIM, MOSTLY the blood of the known
Timothy Sackton: As
Timothy Sackton: He limps out from behind the gate everybody else hanging on the
Timothy Sackton: Ropes hanging on ropes. Wow. Be sort of limping a little bit
Timothy Sackton: Hey, just kind of stands up
Timothy Sackton: On a staff and looks at you all
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was more difficult than I thought it would be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Materials.
Mike Sackton: I'm really right back. I see that
Eric Rosenbaum: The book there's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A meta game and in all honesty that whole scene would have been like a pretty fucking awesome scene and like an action movie like yeah
Eric Rosenbaum: That actually that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was pretty cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: And also, like, kind of ridiculous as a sequence of decisions that we collectively
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that jumping down was really going to go well for you, but it went better than I thought.
Eric Rosenbaum: And also, like, one of the noles made it back to warn everybody else like not great.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): We just look. Let's go get that Nolan killer. Well, he's gonna start sprinting up after that. No, I think I attached the thing
Kate: With your
Kate: Sprint
Kate: Adrenaline
Timothy Sackton: Sprint
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll
Timothy Sackton: Do anything about the hyenas that are about to wake up.
Oh,
Kate: We, some of us take campaign as soon
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, how can I, how do I get down to get outside
Timothy Sackton: Well, there's two routes. Now you can easily climb down a rope.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Guys.
Timothy Sackton: You probably save Kansas life with your
Timothy Sackton: Guests advantage on the tax.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the urine based illusory insult. Yes, exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that was exciting and
Eric Rosenbaum: Try to talk to these hyenas.
Kate: Sleep. Right. Can we just like carry them somewhere in the middle room.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're gonna wake up pretty soon.
Eric Rosenbaum: How much time do we have
Timothy Sackton: Probably have
Timothy Sackton: Less than 30 seconds.
Timothy Sackton: Or a minute.
Timothy Sackton: And that was about five or six rounds. So you probably have
Eric Rosenbaum: How loose is the earth around but
Timothy Sackton: It's just dirt, you can meet in a pet. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll make a little corral
Timothy Sackton: So, ah, so wait. Well, beat you want to run after this guy.
Okay.
Kate: And
Timothy Sackton: Anybody else running after the
Kate: Well, I think that I'm going to help senior through these
Kate: Sleepy slightly groggy hyenas in a pit that he's just made.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: That that's very helpful. Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Cans out
Timothy Sackton: Are you going to write or what are you doing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm am I Maria. Didn't anybody hear me all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey, it was
Eric Rosenbaum: I was about to Leo. Can you tell me
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah, yeah, I'll do that. I'll just drink, drink my question.
Is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is it again me
Timothy Sackton: It's go to your equipment, see what you've got.
Timothy Sackton: It all say what your role, you have the healing the red healing mind and you might have a healing potion to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've got some mud. The uses mud.
Timothy Sackton: So that has two charges. So you can use one or both of the charges.
Kate: And Spiritual Weapon 20 feet just closer to whatever trouble might be coming
Timothy Sackton: Just in case. Yeah, so that's so you heal so delete the mud from your character sheet and give yourself back 15 points.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can move the Spiritual Weapon like just have it hanging out there and then
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: Seeker just starts making like little pits appear underneath each one of these sleeping.
Timothy Sackton: hyenas. I guess this one you have to sort of push off the stone.
Timothy Sackton: And eventually you get them corral Well eventually in like 15 seconds you get them in three nice little neat pets.
Timothy Sackton: And I guess you can sort of keep digging them out a little bit before they wake up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hopefully they can't jump out. Yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You get what you can always just
Timothy Sackton: Make it it's like Minecraft right you know keep digging down
Timothy Sackton: So you can make it a 10 foot pet a five foot pet probably wouldn't really keep them contained by 10 foot pet would
Yep.
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: So kids are you running after
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'm running after
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm fast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I should
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. You two are
Timothy Sackton: I think you're the same speed up your
Timothy Sackton: Your speed is 40
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know what my speed is
Timothy Sackton: It says on your character sheet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Top of your calculation 40 4040
Timothy Sackton: So, and you're 75 with three
Rev. David (he/him): With bonus damage so
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, um, let's see you do
Timothy Sackton: So, wow, well the and Kenza running after this know
Timothy Sackton: You run you run sort of path is
Timothy Sackton: The sort of missing vapors in this smell is especially when you get out here where this sort of
Timothy Sackton: This vapor is there's
Timothy Sackton: You know you catch the sort of whiff of ash and
Timothy Sackton: And rot and the pools, as you've been passed them are sort of seem to be coding with an oil slick and
Timothy Sackton: There's this faint whiff of of burnt flash
Timothy Sackton: But you're running past that pretty quickly.
Timothy Sackton: And you come as you cross as you run across sort of starting to catch up to this this know
Timothy Sackton: This outside the map. So we're not going to go with the map, um, you come to a
Timothy Sackton: Sort of running through the the open gates of the far distant
Timothy Sackton: Distant post you come
Timothy Sackton: To a sort of
Timothy Sackton: Like an inner courtyard. There's buildings on both your left and your right, that are
Timothy Sackton: Three stories tall.
Timothy Sackton: And you see ahead of you.
Timothy Sackton: Where the knoll is is heading for the plaza that you are looking at from from the caves that's near where the animals are where they're where the guards used to be. And there are two other knows kind of standing at one in the distance. I'm walking from
Timothy Sackton: Where the animals are
Timothy Sackton: Your you you've caught up to this know Europe, you're about 30 feet away from the know you are chasing and maybe 60 feet away from the plaza.
Timothy Sackton: Where the other two nodes are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As me or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Both of us were like, where's the other
Timothy Sackton: You're running either
Kate: Secret and I are done with our clean up. I was also started making my slower way in that direction or so that
Timothy Sackton: Your spiritual was like ends at this point. Okay.
Mike Sackton: We're chasing after the North
Timothy Sackton: Secret while be sprinted after the noodles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kinds of well we did
Timothy Sackton: Cancer and Robbie Brisbane and
Timothy Sackton: Raise one and seeker made a pet and dropped the hyenas into the pet.
Mike Sackton: Okay, dealt with would have gone with sprinters
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you can't you can't quite keep up with them.
Timothy Sackton: So you are
Mike Sackton: Oh, cuz they can because
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're fast.
Mike Sackton: Guy can bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see, Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, what's going on here. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Come out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kevin will be
Timothy Sackton: Sorry cancer and wellbeing. I know I keep saying Seager
Timothy Sackton: Come out there. The Know.
Timothy Sackton: Is sort of maybe on. Let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Say about there. And then there are two more kind of standing around
Timothy Sackton: This Plaza.
Timothy Sackton: And one more coming from here, which is where the noise of the animals so you can hear now the sort of coffee, any of the animals.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so what do you want to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the one directly, like in front of us is that that Knoll is not injured or injured.
Timothy Sackton: None of these are injured.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: While they were going to kill them.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's go. All right.
Rev. David (he/him): All right. Ready regular plan.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Here, let's do, let's do a new initiative.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My first one was good.
Mike Sackton: So it is these two is this
Mike Sackton: How does this relate to the other map.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: So the tower. The two gates on the other map are the
Timothy Sackton: One end. No.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: So there's there's two buildings. There's about 40 feet of buildings. So there's gate.
Timothy Sackton: A sort of inner courtyard gate Plaza.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Timothy Sackton: So there's a whole inner courtyard, um,
Hold on, I need to quickly make this because
This wasn't exactly plan.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see. What did we get for
Timothy Sackton: Since if anybody else who's heading this way. Can you just roll initiative so I can put it in because I can't edit initiative, once you
Once it's
Timothy Sackton: Even though, it'll take down with it'll take you at least to turn to get there. Yes. When in secret will probably take you to turns to get there.
Mike Sackton: Okay, but there are gonna be in range of my
Mike Sackton: Outreach blast already probably
Timothy Sackton: Ah, yes, I would. Yes, that's true.
Mike Sackton: 120 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So yes, they would be in range of your own request.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, this guy up man. I'm gonna go right here and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're Stefan.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank goodness finally starting to roll well
Timothy Sackton: That hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I will follow them up with an unarmed strike.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he dead.
No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on, man.
Timothy Sackton: You're, you're probably have honey. I'll put you at them.
Timothy Sackton: You're probably 100 feet away.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so if I move. So I'm going to move 30 yeah
Mike Sackton: So that I'll be within 90 I'll hex. The guy with my bonus action that last
Mike Sackton: 12
Timothy Sackton: Lat and Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker. You're still running wild.
Rev. David (he/him): But I like anywhere.
Timothy Sackton: And not really now.
Timothy Sackton: This is only open terrain. Awesome.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, in that case, I will just
Rev. David (he/him): Come over here and shoot the guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): The narrow way.
Rev. David (he/him): That's Yay, and I get the sneak
Timothy Sackton: Sneak attack because you've got an ally there.
Timothy Sackton: That kills him.
Timothy Sackton: So while these arrows strike this know falls as it's running forward yelling I'm
Rev. David (he/him): Really when I lift my hand to Ken's of run. Oh look, I thought
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Definitely. This is the legend of can zone wall right here.
Timothy Sackton: Resin still running. Now these nodes are gonna go
Timothy Sackton: 1234
Kate: I do also have 120 foot range spell this
Timothy Sackton: Movement is
Timothy Sackton: lower third next round, you'll be in range of your spouse.
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: And they are both gonna
Timothy Sackton: Throw throw spears at you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And me.
Mike Sackton: Coming.
Timothy Sackton: Now you're a little out of range.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
I'm ready. First one.
Timothy Sackton: Second one hits Kenzo
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Damage can
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I automatically flip it.
Mike Sackton: Flip it back.
Timothy Sackton: You do need to use a key to flip it back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, I will, I will do that. I will, I will feel the backpack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let her roll anything or is it because I have
Timothy Sackton: A strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I fucking love this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ever
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Happens, give me
Timothy Sackton: Five messages.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so then this last one is going to fire a longbow at you.
Timothy Sackton: Wow, and
Timothy Sackton: What's your I say
Rev. David (he/him): 1515. Okay. Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: Um, okay. That brings us back to the top of the round so Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Raise when now you're with a
Timothy Sackton: Seeker as well if you have anything wrong. Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Yeah, I will. I will. You guys as well, there's definitely an admin by them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I will. These are both on arm or they're both they're both uninjured. Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yep. All right. I will. I will. Quarter staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The do directly in front of me.
Timothy Sackton: That had
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Suggested six damage or five damage.
Timothy Sackton: Six. It always does. The two handed damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and then I will unarmed strikes in
Timothy Sackton: That hits
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Not quite. Dad, but he's looking pretty bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool. That's it.
Mike Sackton: All right. Um, so I'll move 30
Timothy Sackton: So you're now 60 feet away from well from
Timothy Sackton: From the this point here, so I
Mike Sackton: Was now I would be if I was 100 I've moved 60 so far I should be 40 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, say 40 feet away from this
Mike Sackton: So I don't know what this is, but I can't see whatever you're pointing out, but I assume were
Timothy Sackton: All right, cuz
Timothy Sackton: Yeah yeah yeah so Kenzo is about 70 feet 70 feet from you.
Mike Sackton: Right. Okay. And then I will move my hacks to the guy.
Mike Sackton: That Kenza was attacking and I'll just blast.
Timothy Sackton: That hats.
Mike Sackton: Plus one six total
Timothy Sackton: Not, not quite, killing him.
Timothy Sackton: So that was Tao so seeker you're about 100 FEET AWAY running. So you're now about 75 feet away unless you wanna or 50 FEET AWAY IF YOU dash
Timothy Sackton: But that takes your action.
I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Not ones dash
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you're about 75 feet away.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that's within crossbow range right yep so I'll far my crossbow.
Eric Rosenbaum: At
Eric Rosenbaum: Whichever one I can get a clear line of sight on probably the bottom one.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, either one. You can get a line of sight on the one that's been
Timothy Sackton: I mean, there's one that's been damaged one that's pretty wounded is probably the best one to attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, I'll take the wounded one compromising on strategy. I'll squint with one eye.
Timothy Sackton: strategy works as your arrow. Line up your crossbow pull the bolts, it flies strikes true and kills the know
Timothy Sackton: In front of Kenza
Timothy Sackton: Okay well be Europe.
Timothy Sackton: Your next
Timothy Sackton: Here 75 feet away.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm gonna stick with my both eyes open strategy.
Timothy Sackton: Fails does not
Timothy Sackton: Come through. Try the
Kate: 175 feet away.
Kate: Okay, I'm going to
Kate: Guiding bolts.
Timothy Sackton: That heads.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that's a lot of damage that kills that
Eric Rosenbaum: What
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: An
Timothy Sackton: Impressive haha so that's just your
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo and and while be I started doing their thing. And then this last of divine energy comes flying past Kensal your face and just knock this know back flat on its back.
Timothy Sackton: As it sizzles and dies.
Timothy Sackton: Was this one.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's in the center of the map. Tim, is that a undid Turkey carcass.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: No, that is a statue of a horse.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: This one has gone to 123456 move to here and now within spear range gonna hurl a spirit Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: Which messages.
Timothy Sackton: So that brings us to the top of the round which is Kenzo
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, this thing is dead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was just saying even gonna survive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, tackle them.
Timothy Sackton: 15 points of damage. He has nearly died with one blow from your staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And striking
Timothy Sackton: That and he his dad.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see all my role.
Mike Sackton: For the very end. Apparently, yeah.
Well,
Timothy Sackton: So cancer just runs forward.
Timothy Sackton: Bam second punch and the know goes flying back
Timothy Sackton: Every
Timothy Sackton: All of the nose dead now. I'm everything quiet, except for the
Timothy Sackton: cacophonous howling and paying and barking of
Timothy Sackton: Animals.
Timothy Sackton: In pens over over in this direction.
Timothy Sackton: As everybody
Kate: In the morning, right.
Timothy Sackton: It's like eight in the morning.
Rev. David (he/him): Is when I get some breakfast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I think we need some rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm wishing should make sure that there are more Knowles around
Mike Sackton: Yeah, what's like export quickly, but I think after that maybe a short rest.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking about talking to these animals as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That sounds like a good thing to do not
Eric Rosenbaum: exactly sure what we can ask them, that will give us interesting results, but we'll try
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so
Timothy Sackton: Who's doing what
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Rev. David (he/him): scout the area, look for other Knowles
Rev. David (he/him): Like looking out beyond the walls, looking around the courtyard. Can I get up onto a wall and like the vantage point, we'll spend some time.
Kate: Okay. Um, it is drove back and tell bola what's up and Teller
Kate: Am
Kate: I assume we want to stay here instead of going back there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenzo or
Mike Sackton: Our is probably the safest spot to regroup.
Mike Sackton: Be honest.
Mike Sackton: Like once we've explored here, we should probably go back into the tower and have breakfast and rest a bit
Kate: There's not a different fortified space here that we can just occupy
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Kate: Isn't this have towers.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean you haven't really explored. There's, like, so just to sort of set the scene and and describe things a little bit so you are
Timothy Sackton: You are all now sort of gathered Volta with sort of running after you as well. So everybody is now gathered
Timothy Sackton: In this plaza, so you're still, you're looking to the north to this way.
Timothy Sackton: At the
Timothy Sackton: Case Cavan piles of rubble that block the entrance to the caverns where you originally listening to the animals and watching the patrols of Knowles pacing back and forth in and setting up on this plaza that says the sort of ruined remains of what was perhaps once a parade ground or
Timothy Sackton: The sort of
Timothy Sackton: Sort of staging ground for the the Denmark cavalry when they, when they occupied this for built this for it. And over here, where now the howling of jackals and hyenas, and other animals can be heard was the stables.
Timothy Sackton: To the south down or I guess it's really to the west. This is east, west, north. North, South, is the sort of main gates that lead out into the valley.
Timothy Sackton: There the gates are are open, even though they look closed in this picture, and this goes. This goes down towards a
Timothy Sackton: Like sort of sloping down to this complex series of gates and paths that lead down
Mike Sackton: Into the valley.
Timothy Sackton: The train that you just ran through to get from the inner courtyard to this plaza
Timothy Sackton: Is like basically another sort of courtyard. So there's sort of the plaza, there's these two towers. Then there's built there's barracks and other buildings that extend maybe 60 feet back along both sides of this of this sort of open passageway to
Timothy Sackton: The Two Towers that that you ran through and then there's the whole inner courtyard with the pools of oily slick water and the mists
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: Trees and then there's there's basically three sorts of sets of towers and now here you're sort of at the outermost part of the keep
Timothy Sackton: The buildings that you ran past these this and this have no entrance. These on the first floor, but there are steps that go up and there are
Timothy Sackton: Doors on the second floor of each one.
Timothy Sackton: All of this all of this area, except for the stables and the outer towers is in is in reasonably good shape, but I'm closer back to the original
Timothy Sackton: To the
Timothy Sackton: The middle set of towers.
Timothy Sackton: Things are sort of more destroyed, especially sort of near the mists and
Timothy Sackton: The inner courtyard.
Timothy Sackton: The Plaza that you're standing on his
Timothy Sackton: Excuse me. Um,
Timothy Sackton: So,
Timothy Sackton: Let's see the plaza that you're standing on is the pain. It's clearly at one point was, was paved but now it's sort of
Timothy Sackton: Been churned up things have been dragged across here there is a statue of a horse, but that has cracked and it seemed like once had somebody mounted on it that's been split and and pushed enough
Timothy Sackton: And you're all sort of gathered now around this plaza
Timothy Sackton: No sign of anything moving except the howling of the animals and the stables. To the north.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will somebody go with me up to the tip. I'd like to talk to the animals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See what we can find out Seeker communing with communing with the animals seems wise I can join you, if you like.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you can kill me to while we're going
Eric Rosenbaum: Good call. Alright, so I will
Eric Rosenbaum: Do a healing word
Eric Rosenbaum: Excellent. Thank you. And then I'll cast my speaker, the animals.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't need it. That's a ritual. You can spend 10 minutes to do that without using a spouse lot if you'd like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice. So yeah, I'll do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As your meeting with the animals a secret. I also will I'll try to catch up. I'll just try to soak in the vibe.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Um, what is what is so Kenzo and see car heading towards the stables. Where does everybody else doing
Kate: Hours, that like, well, these are standing in between as we look at
Timothy Sackton: The wet.
Kate: In the plaza.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, they
Kate: Ran between two towers to get
Timothy Sackton: Ready this plaza
Kate: And these are reasonably intact.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there is no ground floor entrances to these towers.
Timothy Sackton: There are sort of more. They're like the corner of buildings more than actual freestanding testers.
Timothy Sackton: And the, the entrances to these buildings are all their stairs that go up to the second floor the entrances or on the second floor.
Rev. David (he/him): Doesn't work well. These not confident enough that we're alone in the place yet.
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, I think he's gonna
Rev. David (he/him): Try and move pretty quickly and like get up into the tower is looking building this is really just trying to get the lay of the land and see if there's any other signs of more you know enemies.
Rev. David (he/him): More than like really investigating
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're not searching
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Makeup, makeup Perception check
Timothy Sackton: With and resin. What are you to do and
Kate: I also want to sort out these towers and they
Kate: Went my way through this first second floor entrances of these buildings to go check out the towers.
I'm
Timothy Sackton: Looking for things that are
Timothy Sackton: Moving looking for stuff just trying to get a sense of the land, but
Kate: It is sense of the land, see if there's any, you know, see if there's any obviously see if there's anybody else around, but mostly just to see if there's a defensible spot here or it makes
Mike Sackton: These gates are open, the ones that are
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I
Mike Sackton: Know, that's fine. But is this and they're facing. This is like the outer wall that goes around the whole
Mike Sackton: Yes. What
Mike Sackton: Is it possible to climb up like are those towers accessible.
Mike Sackton: At the gate. So those actually gate towers are they
Mike Sackton: Those are engaged towers, but those have been ruined.
Timothy Sackton: The stables and the gate towers on the outer wall are the only things that have been
Mike Sackton: Destroyed, so is there a reasonable vantage point amongst the ruins, that would be reasonable sort of keep watch. I just want to
Mike Sackton: Yeah, keep keep a lookout for, you know, another bat demon or Knowles on the plane, you know, in the right in the
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there are. You can definitely you know climb up among the rubble and and get a spot where you can get a good look out across the plains.
Timothy Sackton: Okay so Perception check for
Timothy Sackton: For you as well. Tell us admins one
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: There. Yep.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Ok so so seeker. As you begin to you and Kenzo begin to approach the stables. What you can see here is that there. This is the, you know, there's a pack of maybe
Timothy Sackton: 70 to 100 wild animals. They're mostly
Timothy Sackton: Mostly hyenas. Some jackals some mountain lions. A few actual lions wild dogs.
Timothy Sackton: And they're split across about 25 stalls, you know, stables that that used to be for horses about, you know, between two and five to a pen and they are
Timothy Sackton: Chain so they can barely move
Timothy Sackton: With thick iron bands around their, their necks in some cases like ropes and some cases.
Timothy Sackton: You know, they almost seem to be just like rubble was piled on their front legs like this is a
Timothy Sackton: It's not this isn't an organized. You know, every animal is carefully tied
Eric Rosenbaum: Up in a
Timothy Sackton: In some way, they're just
Timothy Sackton: penned in some, some are not even changed, but there's just been rubble push so they basically can't move up against the side of the stables and they all look incredibly gone and hungry and they're constantly whining and growing and
Timothy Sackton: You know, both at each other and their situation and
Timothy Sackton: Just, you know, trying to
Timothy Sackton: Get food or get out or or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Huh Kinzer maybe we can offer them something to eat. If they give us some information do we have anything in kind of thing on you something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sir, I think absolutely.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, well there's taster but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I
Timothy Sackton: Hate just simply back in the tower.
Timothy Sackton: That mean
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I pull out a bit a bit of like kind of dried dried dried rations.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, so we'll approach nearby one that doesn't look too hysterical.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so there's a, you know, there's a pan sort of on the seems to be like the the
Timothy Sackton: They've been filling it from back to front. So the ones closest to you seem to be in the sort of best shape.
Timothy Sackton: And there's a
Timothy Sackton: Stall kind of near to the front that has four hyenas in it that are
Timothy Sackton: front paws are tied up with rope and then kind of looped around the outside of the stables and they're sort of crawling at each other, but don't don't seem too badly off.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: And don't seem to hysterical. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, no, I'm going to say in a in a
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello friends, we can offer a snack. If you'll answer some questions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the whole time that Eric that seeker is communicating like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like Kenzo i i get into like meditative posture and I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I basically tried to even though you know i you know Ken's was unable to cast these spells, but just from like sheer presence is just really trying to tune into like the vibe of the communication going on between between seeker and the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Behind is
Eric Rosenbaum: Mostly just kind of like snarling and spitting
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is that what he's doing.
Timothy Sackton: To communicate. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That's I
Timothy Sackton: Was just kind of standing their ground at this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, and I am just sitting there meditating really just trying to soak it all in.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so what do you want to seek or where do you want to say.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I said it a minute ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: will offer. We have some food. If you answer questions.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, please.
Eric Rosenbaum: How did you get here who brought you here.
Timothy Sackton: The beast that the two legs.
Timothy Sackton: caught us
Timothy Sackton: On our home.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many days travel from here.
Timothy Sackton: Several funds.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenzo can you
Eric Rosenbaum: Might be able to answer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did if they know what's happening to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's what I'm what
Eric Rosenbaum: What are they doing to you and your friends here.
Timothy Sackton: Starving.
Timothy Sackton: Starving us
Eric Rosenbaum: Why
Timothy Sackton: So hungry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Can't move
Timothy Sackton: Please food.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome, awesome. One little chunk of the rations.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wonder. Have you seen anything weird happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: while you've been here.
Timothy Sackton: You get the sense he doesn't really know what you mean by weird
Mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: What have you seen
Timothy Sackton: They come but not enough food.
Timothy Sackton: I see.
Timothy Sackton: Stone.
Rope
Nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whole thing is such a puzzle, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're collecting these creatures did they turn into Knowles or they just using them for this ritual is that about summoning
Feels like learns
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Feels like the noles are either being transmitted from these these hyenas, or they're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The height is or or the noles are coming directly from whatever portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just don't have the answers.
Eric Rosenbaum: And all those
Eric Rosenbaum: Terrible creatures that we thought in the desert.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, next time we should not kill all the nodes we should try to keep one for interrogation. Now that I think about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Way we
Could quite a few
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I've been a little caught up into it, the blood loss myself so I apologize, on my own behalf, but
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, it made incredible material for this new line of multi format entertainment.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm excited for that, by the way, seeker.
When I think all this is over.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're going to be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Closed the Abyss from hell. This is going to be a scan of the great
Eric Rosenbaum: Golden Hour.
Timothy Sackton: While you're while you're talking to the animals, um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so raise when I'm the
Timothy Sackton: Let's see you both you and while we are sort of exploring the
Timothy Sackton: The buildings while we just got out, um, you
Timothy Sackton: You're also you're also exploring the buildings.
Timothy Sackton: While be okay. So you sort of split up and raise when you take the building to the south and or to the west and
Timothy Sackton: While be you take the building to the to the east, that sort of up against the cliff and these both seem to be you know you don't spend, you don't
Timothy Sackton: Explore extensively um
Timothy Sackton: But they both seem to be sort of barracks areas, there's, you know, they're not, you know, you go up to the second floor and you can go down to the first floor from there. Um, I don't know how long you want to spend poking around but just from a very quick glance.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be the buildings that you're in seem to have been used, you know, at some point, as kind of barracks or sleeping areas for creatures that didn't really care about where or what they slept in, um, you know, just like bits of filth and, you know,
Timothy Sackton: Grass and and
Timothy Sackton: Just kind of piled up
Timothy Sackton: You're not doing a careful search, you're just trying to get a lay of the land at this point I'm
The
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: Up. So that's the downstairs area, the upstairs area where you enter um
Timothy Sackton: You know, seems to it almost looks like it's been burned at some point, there's scorch marks on on the walls and the roof has a giant hole in it has been smashed in
Timothy Sackton: Cracked walls very weather, though it seems like this is old damage.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Residents resin the building to the
Timothy Sackton: To the west. That's kind of up against the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Is better preserved.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't seem to have been used as much recently, although
Timothy Sackton: In the top floor, um, you see.
Timothy Sackton: So this was possibly used as like a
Timothy Sackton: training ground or something by hobgoblin so you see the same symbols that you've been seeing, seeing the black and claw and there are also
Timothy Sackton: About 10 crates that seemed to have been dragged you know carried are dragged in here recently.
Timothy Sackton: Um, wooden crates.
Timothy Sackton: And then sort of haphazardly piled also a number of sort of
Timothy Sackton: Shields
Timothy Sackton: Like bits of leather armor like this is not stuff that's in good shape. This is like you know scavenged and repaired equipment, mostly, you know, scattered off, but definitely like a fair bit of of crates and of armor just kind of piled in here on the bottom floor, um,
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: It's pretty much empty except for
Timothy Sackton: One room that has a rusting chain and a lock that seems to have been that's still closed and locked
Timothy Sackton: And again, you're not searching super carefully so you're only seeing what's on the yes
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: Down with you see little on the plane.
Seems quiet.
Rev. David (he/him): There's no more of those bad things flying around anywhere now.
Rev. David (he/him): If all that's done. I just want to take a look at the leaders body and like search the search the Esports
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I'm
Timothy Sackton: Make, let's say, and then castigation check
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so I'm the leader is carrying several things. So first of all, um, the spear that it was going to like pull out of its back.
Timothy Sackton: Or out of a sheath on his back. When you look at it more carefully. It is so it's caked in blood. It's
Timothy Sackton: The, the half has been sort of like mud and sort of streaks of red and stuff have been worked into it, the point itself seems like it's, you know, been almost like dipped in in blood that's been left dry and then dipped again but
Timothy Sackton: Sort of shining out from underneath this you see
Timothy Sackton: A very, you know, bits hints of a sort of carefully made.
Timothy Sackton: spearpoint and you see like one little bit underneath the blood of a
Timothy Sackton: Running Horse design that you've seen before.
Timothy Sackton: On the horn. You've been carrying and have refused to flow for something like seven sessions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, so people
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are saying, oh, there's, there's a there's a Sydney of the of the horse on the on the horn.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I'm
Timothy Sackton: The leader also has um
Timothy Sackton: So,
Let's see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you think that blowing the horn causes an army of Knowles to come
Eric Rosenbaum: Probably
Eric Rosenbaum: The longer we wait, the more powerfully effect and that'll be
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We yeah we save it for a cataclysmic battle in the in our, in our moment of most dire need and then we see what happens.
Rev. David (he/him): It'll end up just like casting light.
Or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally um
So,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, the leader also has
Timothy Sackton: In a sort of
Timothy Sackton: Not exactly a locket but like a chain a chain around its neck that has like a
Timothy Sackton: Sort of metal.
Timothy Sackton: Class sort of metal teardrop shape or locket shape thing closed hanging off.
Rev. David (he/him): What's inside it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you want to open it.
Rev. David (he/him): Know when you ask
Rev. David (he/him): Yes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so you'd like work you sort of working on it to to
Timothy Sackton: To flip it open and as you do make dexterity saving to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When
Eric Rosenbaum: You're using the glove box for this right
Timothy Sackton: Um,
Timothy Sackton: You managed to flip it open and there's like a there's a accurate smell and there's this sort of sort of hissing sound of some sort of liquid steam coming out of it and managed to open it without getting any on you.
Timothy Sackton: smell rotting flesh smell sulfur smell kind of rises up out of it.
Rev. David (he/him): That's gross. Is there anything inside says just the steam that
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there's like there's like liquid inside. That's kind of boiling like giving up vapors, a little bit.
Rev. David (he/him): close it back up again. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Privacy of a locket
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Full of like noxious gas like accurate flesh in his
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who carries lots of burning flesh.
Eric Rosenbaum: To be part of the ritual.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or it could just be a weapon and a leader.
Rev. David (he/him): The money thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or maybe it's like a suicide, then, like, you know,
Eric Rosenbaum: Freaky
Timothy Sackton: So,
Rev. David (he/him): Well, I head back towards the animals with that stuff and Kenza give you the spear and
Rev. David (he/him): Whoever can take a look at the locket and then I'll I think I'm on my way back. I'll try and drag. One of the noles from the courtyard with me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David (he/him): Two feet to the animals.
Kate: I was thinking we should put the corpses outside of the
Kate: Keep and then let the animals loose and
Kate: Try to get them attracted out of their pen.
Kate: Towards the just
Kate: For the courses that are far from us.
Rev. David (he/him): I think the animals have to get out of the valley though without drinking the like the water
Rev. David (he/him): Like the poison water.
Um,
Eric Rosenbaum: You know, I've got this whole list of unanswered questions and I think tallying up the number of them that we've answered. Just today.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's none just
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the total number of granted also same as that.
Of the questions.
Eric Rosenbaum: About fundamentally what's going on here.
Kate: Well, they're gonna die in the pen better off.
Eric Rosenbaum: We said to rid of all the nose and the complex
Timothy Sackton: You're fairly confident of that. So both resume and
Timothy Sackton: And well being of sort of poke around. And these buildings without any sort of careful exploration, but enough to to detect that there's nothing living in those anymore.
Timothy Sackton: The only place you haven't really gone is is the sort of where those mists were bubbling
Timothy Sackton: In the courtyard.
Timothy Sackton: There's nothing that down with can see moving on the plains. There's no more.
I'm
Timothy Sackton: Knows that nose with the animals or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: It seems again, except for the howling and whining of the animals that seems
Timothy Sackton: Pretty quiet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually so raise money we're suggesting way that we might release them safely.
Oh,
Kate: Does anybody have any
Kate: Money, I guess we can see it was either manually or magically
Kate: Release the door like it wouldn't involve having someone who could release the door or link.
Kate: The pen like
From a distance.
Kate: They're colliding.
Eric Rosenbaum: There individually bound, though the animals. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're not just shut in
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean you haven't explored carefully every single pan, but the ones closer to you are mostly individually. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Guys.
Mike Sackton: Individually bagging meeting each each animal is tied
Timothy Sackton: Tied or change or like just blocked in with rubble or
Mike Sackton: And and how is there a good vantage point your them.
Timothy Sackton: A vantage point for what
Mike Sackton: For being 30 feet away, but not directly in their path.
Timothy Sackton: Ah,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, so the stables are sort of tucked around in this in this corner here.
Timothy Sackton: The stables are big. I mean, this was a
Mike Sackton: Forget about
Calvary.
Timothy Sackton: You know, you could easily get yourself sort of up against the wall, or sort of, you know, in a on top of some rubble or something.
Timothy Sackton: That would be reasonably
Timothy Sackton: High up
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's definitely possible.
Mike Sackton: And we're thinking that if we left them free and then go run to the meat of the Knowles and, but how does that
Kate: I don't know. It just seems better than leaving them independent, I will be going back to where we're coming
Kate: Like just leaving them penned up
Kate: penned up untended
Kate: They're going to expire. They have slightly better chance if they can
Kate: They can run, get a little bit of food and water and get out of here.
Eric Rosenbaum: But to well this point the nearby water supply is poisoned.
Eric Rosenbaum: They must be drinking something that doesn't kill them, though.
Kate: If we give them food and water here in the form of know corpses and some fresh water, then maybe they could make it somewhere like if they're smart enough not to drink the water
Kate: Was your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dream.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we know what the water is going to do them if they drink because it feels inevitable that they're going to drink this water. Do we know what the, what the water will do to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think we've learned anything about the aside from what the center said about it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Believe what how you flew
Eric Rosenbaum: With the center of said so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, but then also what happened to the other. The happening at the festival
Eric Rosenbaum: That was the vines, though.
Rev. David (he/him): It goes the minds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Always the cleanse, so we don't know what happens to people would with any any life form that drinks the water
Eric Rosenbaum: may just need
Kate: One, we could say
Mike Sackton: Let's let loose one to start
Kate: See if it avoids the water or drinks the water. See the drinks the water. When does to it.
Kate: It could avoid the water if it's smart enough to avoid the water we could give it some good one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, so before because i i agree. Are we all together. Now, by the way.
We're all together. Yeah, come
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On I. Well, I certainly agree we should we should release all of the hyenas. Before we go, and if we've we've killed all the noles when we killed that fucking demon. I mean, you know, it feels like we've cleaned this place out pretty well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the hell is going on, still
Eric Rosenbaum: That's like took to my point about all these questions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, like, what is the ritual. Do we know what the ritual is is the ritual then turning these hyenas internals.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's possibly
Mike Sackton: There's gotta be something else here or somebody can I mean these these these nodes are not the masterminds of the demonic ritual.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was the demon guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well we killed the demon
Mike Sackton: But I don't think that, do you think that knows we're working for the demon
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah yeah I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mean like they weren't weren't they
Rev. David (he/him): Rounding is like the most freeing the animals here to transform them sending them out.
Rev. David (he/him): In retrospect, we should have asked these questions before killing every
Timothy Sackton: site that was not for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was
Timothy Sackton: A sports.
Okay.
Kate: Yes, we've all agreed we probably killed one too many. No.
Eric Rosenbaum: We
Eric Rosenbaum: Didn't we see an orc.
Timothy Sackton: You killed an arc
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: welder. The shapeshifter yet we killed two of them.
Timothy Sackton: You can market to shape shifting jackal. Where's
Timothy Sackton: Who were who were
Timothy Sackton: Bullets captors who were talking about, I get to
Mike Sackton: Smother
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, yes, let's try to put this all together, who has been here you've got demons. You've got Knowles you got hyenas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You've got the work
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you've got the shape shifters and they're all working together somehow right
Eric Rosenbaum: We're all the little bad guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And a little bad demons. So they're all working together somehow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The demons are either being transmitted from something or they're coming from somewhere else. So either they're directly coming over from this like portal abyss from hell or they're being transformed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One idea might be that these hyenas are being turned into Knowles that might be possible, but we haven't seen any evidence for that yet. Right. And we don't know what the ritual either right
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, do we know anything about Knowles. Like, do they actually come from corrupted heinous or
Timothy Sackton: Let's see, you can make a
Timothy Sackton: Are kind of check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool chick.
Eric Rosenbaum: Make an archive check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seekers are cause strong
Timothy Sackton: Speaker yes speaker as seeker studied extensively
Timothy Sackton: Torben I'm so
Timothy Sackton: Except seeker does not
Timothy Sackton: Has not read. Read of knows
Timothy Sackton: However, dealt with has
Timothy Sackton: Dealt with you have, I mean you haven't
Timothy Sackton: You haven't, you know, studied this extensively
Timothy Sackton: But just kind of thinking through all of the
Timothy Sackton: You know everything that's happened. You do. You do remember as a story.
Timothy Sackton: Or a sort of
Timothy Sackton: Legend of from from long ago from
Timothy Sackton: Back, even in your childhood.
Timothy Sackton: That
Timothy Sackton: The sort of
Timothy Sackton: Demonic corruption, the sort of
Timothy Sackton: A Bissell energy
Timothy Sackton: Is like a virus that transforms when it touches that
Timothy Sackton: Its presence can infect the land with its corruption.
Timothy Sackton: It can, in fact,
Timothy Sackton: Flash and it can in fact
Animals.
Timothy Sackton: And that you're
Timothy Sackton: Mean you have no nobody's ever kind of, you have no sort of proof of this, but
Timothy Sackton: You know your
Timothy Sackton: Your best guess from the stories you've heard is that knows could be some sort of
Timothy Sackton: You know, demonic infection of an animal.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But, but this makes some sense to given the other creatures that we've killed
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the deserts.
Eric Rosenbaum: That they're all also currently infected animals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In and hmm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So one thing would be I mean maybe these hyenas. If they do drink that water if the water is corrupted and
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that where the infection comes from, or is that something different. Mm hmm.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we should investigate this
Mike Sackton: Water. Yeah, before we release these creatures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a good down to the river. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, isn't there also the weird
Mike Sackton: Being pits.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh yeah, those are a nearby.
triclosan
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's take those up.
Mike Sackton: Um, is it worth taking a short rest. Before we go further, just to
Kate: Practice the line on this whole theory if they needed to
Kate: It's all they need to do is give the animals water to drink that would make them transform, then why would they need a demon that like, did the whole class ripping bigger nothing
Eric Rosenbaum: Fingernail think good question is when
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was the flows of thing or nothing.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the demon was like raking its claws over the corpses.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Animals one at a time.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then was like sort of poisoning them in a way that you were poisoned actually Kenzo it was at the same poisoning.
Timothy Sackton: I mean what you remember from I forgot who was, I think, as well be who is watching that right what you remember is that it was
Timothy Sackton: The it almost made so it's like a pile of antelopes and things like that. And with dragons cloth through the envelope and it would start to
Timothy Sackton: Sort of rot and crack at the wound a little bit and blacken and then it was throwing it in a pile, like it was just methodically doing several of these and then tossing them in a pile and
Timothy Sackton: continue to do so until it was
Mike Sackton: That could be the source of corruption. Right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it'd be
Mike Sackton: A demon's claw.
Mike Sackton: Could have been creating the poison and the antelope to feed the hyenas. I mean, yeah, that's interesting.
Timothy Sackton: There are still four of those
Timothy Sackton: Poisoned antelope sitting in the inner courtyard. Keep you never get anything to them.
Kate: So experiment with feeding these poor animals poisoned antelope or poisoned water.
Kate: Or both and see if we can make a no.
Kate: And then kill it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Then finally we could ask them, those questions.
Kate: For Nolan, the insects.
Mike Sackton: Here they have racial memory or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh my gosh.
Eric Rosenbaum: No anything
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ship. Well, I think we're, we're getting close to understanding
Mike Sackton: I think we should
Mike Sackton: Take a short rest and then investigate the green pegs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure. Sounds good. I get on like he back
Eric Rosenbaum: Or wrists. Sure.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you were you gonna short rest. I mean, it doesn't really matter because everything's pretty much cleared out
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think the courtyard. It's probably okay. We have
Mike Sackton: Decent line of sight.
Timothy Sackton: I will take the opportunity to roll some dice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many hit points you get back for sure rest.
Timothy Sackton: You don't get any back you but you can roll hit dice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This what what is rolling the dice me
Timothy Sackton: Um you roll it, roll your head dies and you get back, however many you will hit points. So if you click the shortlist button. Um, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And then just remember to add that to your endpoints.
Oops.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as you Ras, the sun comes up a bit higher in the sky.
Timothy Sackton: You finally have your breakfast and
Timothy Sackton: Sitting in the sitting on the plaza. It's actually works out for the
Timothy Sackton: noise of the animals in the sun fairly pleasant as the as the morning sun begins to warm the bits of stone, you can sort of imagine what this was like hundred 200 years ago when this was the center of a bustling fortress people coming and going.
Timothy Sackton: Troops massing on the on the plaza.
Timothy Sackton: The walls.
Timothy Sackton: You know, clean and and and beautiful instead of corroded and
And
Timothy Sackton: dingy now.
Timothy Sackton: And as you all now have rested.
Mike Sackton: What's your next course of action. I think we're gonna go investigate the green. Yeah.
Okay.
Kate: What are we gonna do that next session, are we going to do that right now.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna ask that same question.
Timothy Sackton: is up to you guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On down. It's only nine o'clock or I am so I can go for three more hours.
Timothy Sackton: We're not going to go for three more hours.
Rev. David (he/him): He I
Rev. David (he/him): am super, super curious, but I feel like we should turn it. I got very little sleep last night.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, good to end on a winner cliffhanger. I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Yes. Now that's, that was a good spot and
Timothy Sackton: If everybody's
Timothy Sackton: getting tired. I think it makes sense to investigate clues. When you are awake, then falling asleep.
Mike Sackton: Yeah yeah
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm all right. What are we
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so, so
Freddie